***
**[How to start](https://github.com/leechcrawler/leech/blob/master/how2start.md) | [Code snippets / Examples](https://github.com/leechcrawler/leech/blob/master/codeSnippets.md) | [Extending LeechCrawler](https://github.com/leechcrawler/leech/blob/master/extending.md) | [Mailing list](https://github.com/leechcrawler/leech/blob/master/mailinglist.md) | [People/Legal Information](https://github.com/leechcrawler/leech/blob/master/people.md) | [Supporters](https://github.com/leechcrawler/leech/blob/master/supporters.md)| [Data Protection](https://github.com/leechcrawler/leech/blob/master/dataprotection.md)**
***


# Data Protection Notice

The German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (Deutsches Forschungszentrum für Künstliche Intelligenz -- DFKI) and its staff are committed to goal- and risk-oriented information privacy and the fundamental right to the protection of personal data. In this data protection policy we inform you about the processing of your personal data when visiting and using our web site.

 

### Controller

Deutsches Forschungszentrum für Künstliche Intelligenz (DFKI)  
Phone: +49 (0)631 / 205 75-0   
E-Mail: info@dfki.de [Legal Information](https://www.dfki.de/en/web/legal-notice/)

 

### Data protection officer

Phone: +49 (0)631 / 205 75-0, E-Mail: datenschutz@dfki.de

 

### Correspondence

You have the option to contact us by e-mail. We will use your e-mail address and other personal contact data for the correspondence with you. Due to lawful obligation every e-mail correspondence will be archived. Subject to our legitimate interests your e-mail address and other personal contact data can be stored in our contact data base. In this case you will receive a corresponding information on the processing of your contact data.

 

### Access and Intervention

Besides the information in this data protection policy you have the right of access to your personal data. To ensure fair data processing, you have the following rights:

* The right to rectification and completion of your personal data
* The right to erasure of your personal data
* The right to restriction of the processing of your personal data
* The right to object to the processing of your personal data on grounds related to your particular situation

To exercise these rights, please contact our data protection officer.

 

### Right to lodge a complaint

You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes statutory data protection regulations.


### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transfered to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP-anonymisation is active on this website. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP-address that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).
