*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 365 FOREIGN DISHES ***




Produced by Andrew Heath, Joshua Hutchinson, Audrey Longhurst
and PG Distributed Proofreaders




365 FOREIGN DISHES


A Foreign Dish for every day in the year


1908




_JANUARY._


1.--Austrian Goulasch.

Boil 2 calves' heads in salted water until tender; then cut the meat
from the bone. Fry 1 dozen small peeled onions and 3 potatoes, cut
into dice pieces; stir in 1 tablespoonful of flour and the sauce in
which the meat was cooked. Let boil up, add the sliced meat, 1
teaspoonful of paprica and salt to taste; let all cook together
fifteen minutes then serve very hot.


2.--East India Fish.

Slice 1/2 pound of cooked salmon; then heat 1 ounce of butter in a
stew-pan; add 2 small onions chopped fine, 1 ounce of cocoanut, 2
hard-boiled eggs chopped. Let cook a few minutes, then add 1 pint of
milk; let boil up once. Add the fish, 1 teaspoonful of curry paste, 1
teaspoonful of paprica and salt to taste. Let cook a few minutes, then
stir in 1 large tablespoonful of boiled rice. Serve very hot
with toast.


3.--English Gems.

Cream 1 cup of butter with 2 cups of brown sugar; add 4 beaten eggs, 1
teaspoonful of soda dissolved in 1 large cup of strong coffee, 1 cup
of molasses, 4 cups of sifted flour, 1/2 teaspoonful each of nutmeg,
allspice, cloves and mace, 2 teaspoonfuls of cream of tartar sifted
with 1/2 cup of flour, 1 cup of raisins, 1/2 cup of currants and
chopped citron. Mix well and fill buttered gem pans 1/2 full and bake
until done. Then cover with chocolate icing.


4.--Turkish Pudding.

Dissolve 1/2 box of gelatin; chop 1/4 pound of dates and mix with 2
ounces of boiled rice, 1/2 cup of pulverized sugar and 1 teaspoonful
of vanilla; then mix the gelatin with 1 pint of whipped cream. Mix all
well together and turn into a mold and stand on ice until cold.
Sprinkle with chopped nuts. Serve with whipped cream.


5.--Chinese Chicken.

Cut a fat chicken into pieces at the joints; season with all kinds of
condiments; then put in a deep saucepan. Add some chopped ham, a few
sliced bamboo sprouts, 1 chopped onion and a handful of walnuts. Cover
with hot water and let stew slowly until tender. Add some Chinese
sauce and parsley. Serve with shredded pineapple.


6.--Scotch Scones.

Sift 1-1/2 pints of flour; add a pinch of salt, 1 teaspoonful of soda
mixed with 1 pint of sour milk. Mix to a soft dough. Lay on a
well-floured baking-board and roll 1 inch thick. Cut with a round
cake-cutter and bake on a hot greased griddle until brown on both
sides. Serve hot with butter.


7.--Egyptian Meat Balls.

Chop 1 pound of raw beef; season with salt, pepper and 1 teaspoonful
of curry-powder; add 2 stalks of chopped celery, 1 small onion and
some chopped parsley. Mix with 2 beaten eggs and 1/2 cup of
bread-crumbs, and make into small balls. Let cook in hot butter until
tender. Serve on a border of boiled rice and pour over all a highly
seasoned tomato-sauce.


8.--Austrian Potato Dumplings.

Peel 5 potatoes and boil whole in salted water until tender. Drain,
let get cold, then grate them and mix with 4 eggs and 1 ounce of
butter; add salt to taste. Mix well; add flour enough to form into
dumplings and fry in deep hot lard until brown. Serve hot with
cooked fruit.


9.--Belgian Rice Dessert.

Cook 1 pint of milk; add 1/2 cup of boiled rice and some currants;
stir in the yolks of 2 eggs well beaten with 2 tablespoonfuls of
sugar. Remove from the fire. Add 1 teaspoonful of vanilla; then form
into cylinders. Dip in beaten egg and fine bread-crumbs and fry a
golden brown. Sprinkle with pulverized sugar and put some red currant
jelly on top and serve.


10.--Bavarian Pear Pudding.

Soak 1/2 loaf of bread and press dry. Mix with 1/2 pound of chopped
suet; add a teaspoonful of salt, 1 cup of sugar, 2 eggs and the grated
peel of a lemon, a pinch of cinnamon, cloves and allspice. Add some
sifted flour; mix well, and form into a large ball. Then peel 1 quart
of pears. Cut in half, and lay in a large saucepan a layer of pears;
sprinkle with sugar, cinnamon and grated lemon peel. Lay in the
pudding; cover with a layer of pears and pour over all 3
tablespoonfuls of syrup. Fill with cold water and boil half an hour;
then bake three hours and serve hot.


11.--French Pineapple Bisque.

Beat the yolks of 4 eggs with 1 cup of pulverized sugar; add 1 pint of
cream; stir well until very light. Then add 1 small can of shredded
pineapple and crush a few macaroons. Mix well with a small glass of
brandy. Let freeze and serve in small glasses.


12.--Russian Pancakes.

Make a pancake batter and fry in thin cakes. Then spread them with a
layer of anchovies, butter and a layer of caviare. Sprinkle with
minced shallots, cayenne pepper and lemon-juice. Roll up and serve hot
as possible.


13.--Egyptian Cabbage.

Parboil a cabbage in salted water; drain and stuff with chopped cooked
mutton. Mix with chopped ham, 1 onion and 2 sprigs of parsley chopped
fine. Add 1/2 cup of cooked rice, salt and pepper to taste. Place in a
buttered baking-dish; sprinkle with bits of butter; add the juice of a
lemon, and let bake in a moderate oven until done. Baste often with
butter and serve hot.


14.--Madras Baked Fish.

Season a fish with salt, pepper, some grated green ginger and
curry-powder. Place in a baking-pan with 1 sliced onion, 2 chopped
green peppers and 1 sprig of parsley. Pour over some water and hot
melted butter; sprinkle with flour and bake until done. Garnish with
sliced lemon and parsley.


15.--Norwegian Salad.

Cut some pickled herring into pieces and mix with flaked lax, 2 peeled
apples and 2 boiled potatoes. Cut into dice pieces; add some chopped
shallots and gherkins; sprinkle with finely minced tarragon and
chervil, salt and pepper. Cover with a plain salad dressing.


16.--Dutch Eggs.

Heat some butter in a pan; then break in as many eggs as needed and
fry them; add some sliced onions. Remove the eggs to a platter;
arrange the onions on the eggs; sprinkle with salt and red pepper and
pour over some lemon-juice. Serve as hot as possible on toast.


17.--Bavarian Wine Soup.

Mix 3 pints of red wine with 1 pint of water. Add sugar, nutmeg and
cinnamon to taste and the grated peel of half a lemon. Let come to a
boil; then stir in the yolks of 2 well-beaten eggs. Do not boil again.
Serve hot with biscuits.


18.--English Stuffed Goose.

Season a fat goose with salt and pepper, and rub well with vinegar.
Then core small apples and fill the goose with the whole apples. Put
in the baking-pan, sprinkle with flour; pour over 1 cup of hot water;
add a lump of butter and bake until done. Baste often with the sauce
in the pan. Serve the goose with the whole apples.


19.--Vienna Peach Torte.

Make a rich pie-dough; then line a pie-dish with the dough. Pare and
remove the stones from the peaches and cut into quarters. Lay closely
on the pie; sprinkle with brown sugar and moisten with wine. Bake in a
moderate oven until done. Then spread with a meringue and let brown in
the oven a few minutes.


20.--Egyptian Meat-Pie.

Line a large baking-dish with pie-dough. Have ready 1/2 pound of
calf's liver chopped, and 1/2 pound of fresh pork chopped fine. Season
highly and mix with 1/2 cup of butter, 2 green peppers, 1 onion
chopped and 1/2 can of chopped mushrooms. Moisten with a glass of
sherry. Fill the dish with the mixture and cover with the dough. Let
bake until done and serve hot.


21.--Russian Boiled Fish.

Clean and season a whole fish and let boil with 1 sliced onion, 1/2
cup of vinegar, a few slices of lemon and 2 sprigs of parsley. Add a
tablespoonful of butter and let cook until tender. Remove the fish to
a platter; mix the sauce with 1 tablespoonful of brown sugar, a pinch
of ginger, cinnamon and nutmeg and the juice of a lemon. Let boil
well; then thicken with the yolks of 2 beaten eggs and pour over the
fish. Serve cold. Garnish with lemon-slices and olives.


22.--Spanish Cake.

Beat 1 pound of butter with 1 pound of sugar to a cream. Add the yolks
of 8 eggs well beaten. Sift 1 pound of flour with 2 teaspoonfuls of
baking-powder and stir together with 1 cup of milk. Add the whites of
eggs, beaten to a stiff froth with a pinch of salt. Flavor with
rose-water. Bake in a moderate oven until done.


23.--Vienna Stewed Carrots.

Peel some carrots and cut in small pieces. Boil in salted water until
tender; drain. Brown 1 tablespoonful of flour in 2 tablespoonfuls of
butter; add 1/2 cup of the water in which the carrots were cooked, 2
tablespoonfuls of vinegar and a little sugar. Let all boil; then add
the carrots and 1 cup of cooked peas, some chopped parsley and a pinch
of pepper. Simmer ten minutes and serve hot.


24.--Russian Fish-Roll.

Chop some cooked trout and white fish, and mix with 1/2 cup of boiled
rice. Season with salt, pepper and all kinds of herbs minced fine.
Then make a rich pie-paste and roll out very thin. Fill with the
mixture and make into a roll. Sprinkle with bits of butter and let
bake until brown. Serve hot with wine-sauce.


25.--India Curried Eggs.

Cut hard-boiled eggs in halves; then fry 1 small chopped onion and 1
chopped apple in hot butter; add 1/4 cup of pounded almonds and 1 pint
of milk, mixed with 1/2 tablespoonful of cornstarch. Season with salt
and a dessertspoonful of curry-powder. Let cook ten minutes; then add
the eggs. Let all get very hot. Serve with croutons; garnish with
fried parsley.


26.--Codfish a la Lyonnaise.

Cut cold boiled codfish in pieces; then boil 8 small onions until
soft; heat 2 tablespoonfuls of butter. Add the boiled onions, 2 small
cold sliced potatoes, the codfish and 1 cup of milk; sprinkle with
pepper. Cover and simmer ten minutes and serve hot.


27.--Jewish Crebchen Soup.

Beat 3 eggs with 2 tablespoonfuls of water and a pinch of salt; then
add enough flour to make a stiff dough. Work it well with flour and
roll out as thin as possible; fold it double and cut into square
pieces and fill with minced cooked chicken or veal. Sprinkle with
chopped parsley and bits of butter; fold in the edges. Have ready some
soup stock; when boiling, add the crebchen and let boil until done.
Serve with the soup.


28.--French Veal Souffle.

Heat 2 tablespoonfuls of butter. Mix with 2 tablespoonfuls of flour
until smooth; add 1 cup of milk; let boil up. Then add 1 cup of minced
veal, some parsley, salt, pepper and nutmeg to taste. Stir in the
yolks of 2 eggs. Remove from the fire; let cool. Beat the whites to a
stiff froth; add to the meat. Put in a buttered baking-dish and bake
twenty minutes. Serve at once.


29.--Belgian Potato Salad.

Slice cold boiled potatoes very thin and mix with chopped celery and
onion; season with salt and pepper. Then mix the yolks of 2
hard-boiled eggs with 1 tablespoonful of olive-oil. Add to the salad
with 2 tablespoonfuls of vinegar. Sprinkle with chopped parsley
and serve.


30.--Polish Stewed Tongue.

Cook a fresh tongue until tender; skin and slice thin. Put a large
spoonful of butter in a saucepan; add a chopped onion; let brown. Then
stir in 1 tablespoonful of flour; add 2 cups of the water in which the
tongue was cooked, a pinch of nutmeg and cinnamon. Let boil with the
juice of 1 lemon, 2 tablespoonfuls of vinegar and 1 tablespoonful of
sugar. Add the sliced tongue and simmer ten minutes. Serve hot
or cold.


31.--Rissotto (ITALIAN).

Boil 1 cup of rice in salted water until soft; drain. Then grate
Parmesan cheese and cover the rice with cheese. Let steam in the oven
a few minutes; then pour over some highly seasoned tomato-sauce, and
serve hot with fried veal chops.




_FEBRUARY._


1.--Oriental Canapes.

Take some lobster or crab-meat and pound in a mortar. Mix with 1
tablespoonful of butter; season with salt and pepper, a pinch each of
mustard, cayenne, nutmeg and curry-powder and moisten with
lemon-juice. Cut small rounds of toasted bread; scoop out some of the
centre; fill with the mixture and cover with a curry sauce. Sprinkle
with fine bread-crumbs and let bake in the oven a few minutes.
Serve hot.


2.--Haggis (SCOTCH).

Chop a sheep's tongue, liver and heart and 1 pound of bacon. Add 2
large chopped onions; season with 1/4 teaspoonful of red pepper and 1
teaspoonful of mixed herbs and salt to taste. Mix with 1 pint of
toasted oatmeal, 2 beaten eggs and the grated rind and juice of a
lemon. Then clean the pouch of the sheep and fill with the mixture.
Lay in boiling water and let boil three hours. Serve with apple-sauce.


3.--Austrian Braised Tongue.

Boil a large fresh beef tongue in salted water until tender. Remove
the tongue and lard it with thin strips of bacon; sprinkle with
paprica; lay in a baking-pan; add 1 onion sliced thin and 1 cup of the
water in which the tongue was cooked and pour over 1 pint of cream.
Let bake in a moderate oven. Baste often with the sauce. Serve hot,
and pour over the sauce; garnish with parsley.


4.--Russian Omelet.

Chop 2 shallots with a little parsley and cook in hot water. Add 2
tablespoonfuls of caviare and a teaspoonful of lemon-juice; season to
taste. Beat 4 eggs with 1 tablespoonful of cream, salt and pepper, and
fry in an omelet-pan with hot butter until done. Put the mixture in
the centre; turn in the ends and serve at once.


5.--Madras Potato Curry.

Cut boiled potatoes into thin slices; then fry 1 chopped onion in 2
tablespoonfuls of butter. Add 3 ounces of grated cocoanut, 1
teaspoonful of curry-powder and 1 cup of milk, salt and cayenne pepper
to taste. Let boil up. Add the sliced potatoes and a sprig of parsley
chopped. Let simmer a few minutes and serve hot.


6.--Swiss Baked Eggs.

Melt 1 ounce of butter in a baking-pan; then cover the bottom of the
pan with thin slices of Swiss cheese. Break in 6 eggs; sprinkle with
salt and pepper. Pour over 4 tablespoonfuls of cream; sprinkle with
grated Swiss cheese, and let bake in the oven to a delicate brown.
Serve hot.


7.--Jewish Stewed Shad.

Clean and cut a shad into large slices; sprinkle with salt, pepper and
ginger. Put on to boil with 1 sliced onion, 1 bay-leaf, a few cloves,
2 sprigs of parsley and 1/2 cup of vinegar. When done, remove the fish
to a platter; add 1/2 cup of raisins, 1 tablespoonful of butter, 1/2
cup of pounded almonds, 1 glass of wine, 1 tablespoonful of brown
sugar and a pinch of cinnamon. Let boil until done and pour over the
fish. Garnish with sliced lemon and sprigs of parsley and serve cold.


8.--Bombay Spinach.

Boil the spinach in salted water until tender; drain and chop fine.
Fry 1 chopped onion in 2 tablespoonfuls of butter; add the chopped
spinach, a pinch of pepper and curry-powder. Cover and let simmer five
minutes. Serve on a platter with stewed prawns and garnish
with croutons.


9.--Spanish Fricasseed Shrimps.

Heat 2 tablespoonfuls of butter; add 1 onion chopped and 2 cups of
tomatoes. Let fry; then stir in 1 tablespoonful of flour; add 1/2 cup
of water; let boil; add 1 quart of shrimps, salt, pepper and parsley.
Let all cook twenty minutes. Stir in the yolk of an egg. Remove from
the fire. Put some boiled rice on a platter; add the shrimps and pour
over the sauce. Serve very hot.


10.--Irish Baked Potatoes.

Peel and boil potatoes in salted water until tender; drain and mash
with a lump of butter. Put in a well-buttered baking-dish a layer of
the potatoes and a layer of fried bread-crumbs until dish is full.
Moisten with beaten eggs, well seasoned with salt and pepper, and 3
tablespoonfuls of milk. Put in the oven to brown. Serve with
boiled fish.


11.--Russian Stewed Chicken.

Cut a fat chicken into pieces at the joints and let stew, well
seasoned with salt and pepper. Then add some small whole onions, some
cauliflower, mushrooms and 1 cup of French peas. Let all cook until
tender; then serve hot on a large platter.


12.--Dutch Baked Mackerel.

Place the mackerel in a baking-dish; sprinkle with pepper and chopped
parsley. Cover with fried bread-crumbs and bits of butter, and moisten
with cream. Then bake until brown on top and serve hot with
stewed potatoes.


13.--Polish Roast Mutton.

Season a leg of mutton with salt, pepper and a pinch of cloves. Lay in
a baking-pan with 1 sliced onion, 2 celery roots, 3 cloves of garlic
and 2 carrots cut fine, 1 bay-leaf, a sprig of thyme and a few
peppercorns. Pour over 1 cup of vinegar and 1 cup of hot water. Dredge
with flour and let bake in a hot oven. Baste often with the sauce in
the pan until nearly done; then add 1 pint of sour cream and let bake
until done. Thicken with flour; boil up and pour over the roast.


14.--Italian Sugar Cakes.

Beat 1-1/2 pounds of sugar and 1/2 pound of butter to a cream; add 4
yolks of eggs, a pinch of salt and nutmeg. Stir in 1/2 pound of flour,
4 ounces of currants, 2 ounces of chopped almonds, 1 tablespoonful of
citron and candied orange peel chopped fine. Add the whites beaten
stiff and bake in small well-buttered cake-tins until done; then cover
with a thin icing.


15.--Oriental Stewed Prawns.

Clean and pick 3 dozen prawns. Heat some dripping in a large saucepan;
add the prawns, 1 chopped onion, salt, pepper and 1 teaspoonful of
curry-powder. Add 1 pint of stock and let simmer half an hour until
tender. Serve on a border of boiled rice; garnish with fried parsley.


16.--Swiss Steak.

Season a round steak with salt, black pepper and paprica; dredge with
flour and let fry in hot lard on both sides until brown. Then add some
sliced onions and moisten well with tomato-sauce. Cover and let simmer
half an hour. Serve hot on a platter with mashed potatoes.


17.--Berlin Herring Salad.

Soak the herring over night; remove the milch and mash fine. Cut off
the head, skin and bone; chop the herring; add chopped apples,
pickles, potatoes, olives and capers. Put in the salad bowl; then add
the yolk of a hard-boiled egg to the mashed milch, mustard, 1
teaspoonful of sugar mixed with 1/4 cup of vinegar and a little
lemon-juice, salt and pepper. Pour the sauce over the salad and
garnish with olives and sliced lemon.


18.--German Lentil Soup.

To 1 gallon of soup stock, add 1 quart of lentils. Let boil until
lentils are soft, with 1 sliced onion. Then add some small sausages.
Let boil five minutes. Season to taste and serve the soup with the
sausages and croutons fried in butter.


19.--French Spiced Venison.

Rub the venison with salt, pepper, vinegar, cloves and allspice; then
put in a baking-pan. Pour over a cup of melted butter; add 1 onion
sliced, some thyme, parsley, the juice of a lemon, and a cup of hot
water. Let bake, covered, in a hot oven. Baste often with the sauce
when nearly done. Sprinkle with flour; add a glass of sherry and let
brown. Serve with celery and currant jelly.


20.--Spanish Mushrooms.

Drain 1 can of mushrooms and heat 2 tablespoonfuls of butter. Add 6
shallots and 1 clove of garlic chopped fine, some parsley and thyme
and the mushrooms. Let all fry a few minutes; then add the mushroom
liquor and 2 tablespoonfuls of white wine, salt and pepper to taste.
Let simmer five minutes and serve hot on slices of toast.


21.--Vienna Noodle Pudding.

Boil some fine noodles in salted water for ten minutes; let drain.
Beat the yolks of 5 eggs with 1 cup of pulverized sugar and mix with
the noodles. Add 1/2 cup of raisins, 1/2 cup of pounded almonds, a
pinch of cinnamon and the whites of the eggs beaten to a froth. Put in
a well-buttered pudding-dish and bake until brown. Serve hot with
lemon sauce.


22.--Dutch Sweet Potato Puff.

Peel and boil 3 sweet potatoes in salted water until tender; then mash
well with 3 beaten yolks of eggs, 1 cup of milk, 3 tablespoonfuls of
butter, 2 tablespoonfuls of sugar, a pinch of nutmeg and lemon-juice.
Beat the whites with a pinch of salt to a stiff froth; add to the
potatoes and put in a well buttered baking-dish and bake. Serve hot.


23.--Spaghetti (ITALIAN).

Boil 1/2 pound of spaghetti until tender. Drain. Heat 1 tablespoonful
of butter, stir in 1/2 pound of grated cheese, salt and pepper. Then
add 1 cup of milk; let boil and pour over the spaghetti. Sprinkle with
salt, pepper and grated cheese and let bake in the oven until done.
Serve hot.


24.--Russian Beet Soup.

Boil 5 medium-sized beets until tender; then chop and add to a highly
seasoned chicken broth. Add the juice of 1 lemon, some cinnamon and
nutmeg; let boil fifteen minutes. Then add 1 glass of red wine, mixed
with a teaspoonful of brown sugar. Let boil a few minutes longer and
serve with fried croutons.


25.--Boulettes.

Chop and mince 1 pound of round steak, 1 onion and 2 sprigs of
parsley. Add 1 tablespoonful of lemon-juice, 2 tablespoonfuls of
melted butter. Season highly with salt, black pepper and a pinch of
cayenne. Mix with 1 egg and form into balls; roll in flour and fry in
deep hot lard until brown. Serve hot with tomato-sauce.


26.--Baden Stewed Lentils.

Boil 1 quart of lentils until tender; then heat 2 tablespoonfuls of
butter. Add 1 chopped onion and stir in 1 tablespoonful of flour until
brown; add some cold water mixed with vinegar. Let boil and pour the
sauce over the lentils. Season with salt and pepper, and serve with
small boiled sausages. Sprinkle the top with bread-crumbs fried in
butter until brown.


27.--Duck aux Champignons.

Clean and season a pair of wild ducks and cut into pieces at the
joints. Heat 2 tablespoonfuls of butter in a saucepan; add the ducks,
1 large onion chopped fine, 2 cloves of garlic and 1 herb bouquet
chopped. Cover and brown a few minutes; add 1 cup of water and stew
until tender. Then add 1/2 can of mushrooms and 1 glass of claret and
let simmer until done.


28.--Hungarian Beef Stew.

Cut beef into small pieces. Heat some dripping in a saucepan; add the
meat, salt and black pepper; cover and let stew half an hour. Then add
3 potatoes cut into dice pieces, 1 onion sliced thin, 1 cup of hot
water, and 1/2 teaspoonful of paprica. Let all cook until tender. Then
add some chopped parsley and thicken the sauce with flour, mixed in
1/2 cup of milk. Let cook a few minutes and serve hot.




_MARCH._


1.--Chicken Chop Suey (CHINESE).

Cut all the meat of a chicken into thin strips; season with black
pepper, and cayenne, and fry in hot lard. Add some ham, onion, celery,
green bean sprouts and mushrooms cut fine. Moisten with 1/2 cup of
stock. Add 1/4 cup of Chinese sauce; cover and let simmer until
tender. Thicken the sauce with flour; add 2 tablespoonfuls of cream
and chopped parsley. Serve hot on a platter with boiled rice.


2.--Jewish Shallet.

Line a well-buttered pudding-dish with a rich pie-paste and cover with
a layer of sliced apples. Sprinkle with cinnamon, grated lemon peel
and small bits of butter, and moisten with white wine; then cover with
a layer of the paste and fill with another layer of apples, nuts and
raisins, a tablespoonful of syrup, the juice of 1/2 lemon and bits of
butter. Cover with the top crust; press in the edges with a beaten
egg, and rub the top with butter. Let bake in a moderate oven
until done.


3.--Russian Relish.

Cut some slices of brown bread into fingers half an inch thick; spread
with butter. Mix some Russian caviare with lemon-juice to taste and a
tablespoonful of finely chopped shallots. Spread the fingers with the
mixture and place an oyster in the centre of each. Sprinkle with salt
and a pinch of paprica. Serve. Garnish with thin slices of lemon
and parsley.


4.--Dutch Stuffed Potatoes.

Select fine smooth potatoes; cut off the end of each and scrape out
the inside. Mix this with chopped ham, onion and parsley, and a
tablespoonful of butter. Season with salt, pepper and lemon-juice.
Fill the potato with the mixture and let bake in a moderate oven until
tender and serve hot.


5.--Fish a la Marseilles.

Cut two kinds of fish into slices; season with salt. Mince 2 cloves of
garlic, 2 sprigs of parsley, 2 sprigs of thyme and 2 bay-leaves very
fine. Add a pinch of pepper. Roll the fish in the spice. Then fry 2
sliced onions in butter; add 1 cup of tomatoes, the juice of a lemon
and 2 cups of water. Let boil up. Add the fish and let boil until
done. Remove the fish to a platter. Add a cup of white wine to the
sauce and 1 tablespoonful of sugar. Boil up and pour over the fish.
Serve with toast.


6.--Jewish Stewed Brains.

Clean and stew the brains with 1/2 cup of vinegar, 1 sliced onion,
salt and pepper. Add a tablespoonful of brown sugar, 1/2 cup of
raisins. Let stew until tender. Remove the brains to a platter; add a
lump of butter and a tablespoonful of molasses to the sauce; boil up
and pour over the brains. Serve cold; garnish with lemon slices.


7.--Austrian Apple Strudel.

Mix 1 pint of flour with 1/2 cup of water, 4 ounces of butter, 3 eggs
and a pinch of salt to a stiff dough; then roll out as thin as
possible. Pour over some melted butter; cover with chopped apples and
raisins. Sprinkle with sugar and cinnamon. Make a large roll; bake in
a buttered baking-pan with flakes of butter on top until brown.


8.--Vienna Nut Torte.

Blanch 1/4 pound of almonds and pound in a mortar. Then beat 4 eggs
with 1/2 cup of sugar. Add 1 teaspoonful of brandy and a teaspoonful
of wine and lemon-juice; add 4 lady fingers crumbled up fine. Beat all
together with the nuts; put in a well-buttered pudding-dish and bake.
Serve with wine sauce.


9.--Bavarian Cabbage Salad.

Chop a cabbage with 1 large onion and 2 stalks of celery and 2
peppers; season well with salt and sprinkle with pepper. Heat some
vinegar; add a teaspoonful of prepared mustard. Then beat the yolks of
2 eggs with a tablespoonful of sugar; add the hot vinegar slowly to
the beaten eggs and mix with the cabbage. Serve cold.


10.--Russian Stewed Duck.

Clean and cut the duck into pieces and season with salt and pepper;
then cut 1/2 pound of bacon into dice pieces and put in a large
saucepan with 1 onion and 2 carrots. Cut fine 1 herb bouquet, a few
cloves and a few peppercorns; add the duck. Let all cook slowly with 1
cup of stock until tender; then add 1 cup of red wine. Thicken the
sauce with flour, boil and serve hot.


11.--Russian Chicken Patties.

Chop the white meat of cooked chicken and turkey very fine and mix
with 3 chopped truffles and some chopped parsley. Season with the
grated peel of 1/2 lemon, a pinch of nutmeg, salt and pepper to taste,
and moisten with cream. Make a puff-paste and roll out very thin. Cut
into squares and fill with a tablespoonful of the mixture. Press the
ends together and fry in deep hot lard until a light brown. Drain and
serve very hot with tomato-sauce.


12.--Japanese Salad.

Cut some celery, apples and truffles into fine shreds and mix with
chrysanthemum flowers; season with salt and pepper. Put in a salad
bowl and cover with a mayonnaise dressing. Garnish with chopped
hard-boiled eggs and olives.


13.--Polish Chops.

Season veal chops with salt and pepper and let fry a few minutes in
hot dripping. Remove the chops and cover with a mixture of bacon,
liver, onions and parsley minced fine and well seasoned. Then let bake
in the oven with 1 cup of beef broth. Baste often and serve very hot.


14.--Spanish Stewed Rabbit.

Clean and parboil 2 rabbits; then cut into pieces. Sprinkle with flour
and fry in hot lard. Remove the rabbits. Add chopped tomato and onion
to the sauce; mix with flour; let fry; add the sauce in which the
rabbit was cooked, some lemon-juice, 1/2 teaspoonful of red pepper,
parsley and salt to taste. Cook ten minutes; then add the rabbit and
simmer five minutes. Serve hot with boiled rice.


15.--Scotch Baked Mutton.

Season a leg of mutton well with salt and pepper. Dredge with flour
and let bake in a hot oven until nearly done. Then add some boiled
turnips cut in quarters; sprinkle with pepper and flour; let bake
until browned. Serve the mutton on a platter with the turnips.


16.--Belgian Stuffed Shad.

Season and stuff the shad with chopped oysters and mushrooms well
seasoned. Place in a well-buttered baking-dish; sprinkle with fine
bread-crumbs, chopped onion and parsley. Put flakes of butter on top
and pour in 1 cup of tomato-sauce. Let bake until done. Baste often
with the sauce. Serve with celery salad with French dressing.


17.--Italian Roast Beef.

Cut several deep incisions in the upper round of beef and press into
them lardoons of salt pork. Stick 2 cloves of sliced garlic and 1
dozen cloves in the meat; season with salt and pepper and dredge with
flour. Put in the dripping-pan with some hot water and let roast until
tender. Serve with boiled macaroni.


18.--French Apple Souffle.

Cook apples and sweeten to taste. Mash well with 1 tablespoonful of
butter. Beat the yolks of 3 eggs with 2 tablespoonfuls of sugar, the
juice and rind of 1/2 lemon; add the whites beaten to a stiff froth.
Put in a buttered pudding-dish and bake in a moderate oven until done.


19.--German Sweet Pretzels.

Mix 1/2 pound of flour with 1/2 pound of fresh butter; add 1/4 pound
of sugar, 1 egg and 1 beaten yolk, 1 tablespoonful of sweet cream and
some grated lemon peel. Mix thoroughly and mold the dough into small
wreaths; brush the top with the yolk of an egg and sprinkle with
powdered sweet almonds. Lay in a well-buttered baking-tin and bake
until a deep yellow.


20.--French Waffles.

Sift 3 cups of flour with 1-1/2 teaspoonfuls of baking-powder and 1/2
teaspoonful of salt. Beat the yolks of 3 eggs; add a tablespoonful of
melted butter and 2 cups of warm milk. Add the beaten whites and stir
in the flour, making a light batter. Grease the waffle irons and fill
with the batter. Bake until a delicate brown. Remove to a hot dish.
Serve hot with powdered sugar on top.


21.--Swedish Stewed Mutton.

Season the breast of mutton with salt, pepper, thyme and mace; let
stew slowly with 1 onion and 2 cloves of garlic chopped. Add some
chopped capers and mushrooms; cook until tender. Then thicken the
sauce with flour mixed with a glass of wine and boil up. Serve hot
with baked turnips.


22.--Swedish Pie.

Make a rich pie-dough; line a deep pie-dish with the paste and let
bake. Then fill with chopped boiled fish, oysters, shrimps and some
chopped mushrooms. Sprinkle with salt and paprica and the grated peel
of a lemon. Pour over 1/4 cup of melted butter and the juice of 1/2
lemon and a beaten egg. Then cover with the dough and let bake until
done. Serve hot.


23.--Greek Stuffed Egg-Plant.

Parboil the egg-plant and cut in half. Scrape out some of the inside
and chop some cooked lamb, 2 green peppers, 1 onion, and 2 tomatoes.
Then mix with a beaten egg, 1 tablespoonful of butter, salt and pepper
to taste. Fill the halves with the mixture; sprinkle with bread-crumbs
and bits of butter. Put in a baking-dish with a little stock and bake.


24.--Norwegian Fish Pudding.

Remove the bones from a large cooked fish and chop to a fine mince.
Mix with 2 beaten eggs, 2 tablespoonfuls of cream, 1 tablespoonful of
butter, season with salt, black pepper and 1/4 teaspoonful of paprica.
Beat well together with some bread-crumbs; fill a mold with the
pudding and let steam one hour; then boil the sauce in which the fish
was cooked, add 1 tablespoonful of butter, chopped parsley and chopped
onion. Season highly; boil and serve with the pudding.


25.--Japanese Eggs.

Cook some rice in a rich chicken stock; place on a platter. Fry 6 eggs
and trim neatly; sprinkle with salt, black pepper, chopped parsley and
lemon-juice. Put the eggs on the rice and pour a little hot
tomato-sauce over the base of the platter and serve.


26.--Jewish Stewed Brisket.

Boil beef brisket until tender, and slice thin. Heat 2 tablespoonfuls
of butter; add 1 chopped onion. Stir in 1 tablespoonful of flour until
brown. Add the water in which the meat was cooked, 1/2 cup of raisins,
1/2 cup of vinegar, 1 tablespoonful of brown sugar and some cinnamon
and 1 carrot sliced thin, salt, pepper and a few cloves. Let boil. Add
the brisket and simmer fifteen minutes. Serve hot or cold.


27.--Hungarian Fruit Roll.

Make a pie-dough. Roll out and spread with melted butter, raisins,
currants, chopped apples, nuts and shredded citron. Cover well with
brown sugar and sprinkle with cinnamon and the grated peel of a lemon.
Roll up the dough. Lay in a buttered baking-pan. Rub the top well with
melted butter and let bake until brown. Serve with wine sauce.


28.--Dutch Stewed Fish.

Cook a large fish with 1 onion, 2 stalks of celery, parsley, a
tablespoonful of butter, salt and pepper until done. Remove fish to a
platter. Add 2 chopped pickles, the juice and rind of a lemon, 1/2 cup
of vinegar. Mash the yolks of 2 boiled eggs with 1 raw egg, a
teaspoonful of prepared mustard and a tablespoonful of butter. Add to
the sauce and boil. Lay the fish in the boiling sauce ten minutes;
then serve.


29.--Belgian Lamb Chops.

Season lamb chops; dredge with flour and fry until brown; keep hot.
Fry 1 chopped onion and 1 small carrot in two tablespoonfuls of
butter. Add 1 tablespoonful of flour; stir until light brown. Add 1/2
cup of water; let boil well; add parsley, a few cloves and
peppercorns, salt and pepper and 1 bay-leaf minced fine. Boil well.
Add 1 glass of claret; then pour the sauce hot over the chops, and
garnish with French peas.


30.--Austrian Apple Omelet.

Peel, core and slice some apples very thin. Heat 1 large tablespoonful
of butter in a frying-pan; put in the apples and let them steam until
tender. Make an egg omelet batter; sweeten to taste and pour over the
apples; let cook until set. Cover thickly with sugar and sprinkle with
cinnamon. Serve hot with wine sauce.


31.--Fish a la Normandie.

Boil a trout well seasoned; add 1 sliced onion, 1 carrot chopped, 2
sprigs of parsley and 1 bay-leaf, a few peppercorns and 1
tablespoonful of butter. When done, beat the yolks of 2 eggs with a
little cream; add salt and a pinch of cayenne. Remove the fish to a
platter. Mix the egg sauce with the water in which the fish was
cooked; add 1/2 cup of cream. Let get very hot and pour over the fish.
Garnish with parsley. Serve hot.




_APRIL._


1.--Italian Tongue.

Boil a beef tongue until tender; skin and slice thin. Heat 2
tablespoonfuls of butter. Add 1 chopped onion and 2 cloves of garlic
minced fine. Stir in 1 tablespoonful of flour until brown; add a
little water, 1 cup of tomato-sauce, 1/2 cup chopped mushrooms,
lemon-juice, salt and pepper to taste. Let boil. Add the sliced
tongue, and 1/2 glass of sherry wine. Simmer ten minutes. Serve with
baked macaroni.


2.--German Prune Pudding.

Cook 1 pound of prunes in a large saucepan with sliced lemon, a piece
of stick cinnamon and brown sugar. Soak 1/2 loaf of bread in water;
press out dry. Add 3 eggs, 1/4 teaspoonful each of cinnamon, cloves
and allspice. Add flour sifted with a teaspoonful of baking-powder.
Make into a large roll; place in the centre of the prunes; cover with
brown sugar and a tablespoonful of molasses and put in the oven to
bake until done. Serve hot or cold.


3.--Swiss Pot Roast.

Season a breast of veal with salt, pepper and ginger. Heat a cupful of
dripping; lay the meat in the stew-pan with the dripping, 1 onion,
some celery seed, carroway seed, a few peppercorns and parsley. Cover
and let stew slowly until nearly done; then add 1 cup of tomato-sauce
and cook slowly until tender. Serve with baked potatoes.


4.--Mushrooms a la Bordelaise.

Drain 1 can of mushrooms; chop 6 shallots very fine and saute in 1
tablespoonful of butter. Add the chopped mushrooms; sprinkle with
salt, pepper, some chopped parsley and 1 minced bay-leaf. Let cook ten
minutes with 1/2 glass of sherry wine. Serve hot on slices of
French toast.


5.--Turkish Soup.

Season and fry some lamb chops; add 2 green peppers sliced thin, 1
onion chopped and an herb bouquet. Then cook 1/2 cup of barley in 1
quart of soup stock until tender. Pour all together and let cook until
meat is very tender. Serve hot.


6.--Scotch Omelet.

Boil young tender leeks in salted water; let drain. Chop to a fine
mince and fry in hot butter. Add 6 well-beaten eggs, sprinkle with
salt and pepper and fold into an omelet and serve on a hot dish.


7.--Jewish Egg Bread.

Soak some matzoths in milk for a few minutes; then dip them into
seasoned beaten eggs. Add a pinch of sugar and let them fry in hot
rendered butter until a golden brown. Sprinkle with pulverized sugar
and cinnamon and serve hot with coffee.


8.--Bombay Broiled Kidney.

Clean sheep's kidneys and cut into thin slices. Sprinkle with salt,
cayenne pepper and grated lemon peel. Then dip in beaten egg and fine
bread-crumbs and broil on a hot greased gridiron. Serve on buttered
toast, spread with curry paste.


9.--German Prune Kuchen.

Boil some prunes until tender. Remove the kernels and mash the prunes
well. Mix with sugar, cinnamon and lemon-juice to taste. Make a rich
biscuit dough, roll out and place on a well-buttered baking-pan. Fill
with the prunes and let bake until done. Serve cold.


10.--French Roast with Carrots.

Lard a round of beef with slices of bacon and put in a large saucepan.
Cover and let brown a few minutes. Add sliced onion and boiling water
to cover. Let cook slowly until tender; then scrape 6 carrots and cut
thin; add 2 sliced onions, 2 cloves of garlic and let cook until
tender. Thicken with butter and flour. Season highly with salt, pepper
and parsley; add to the meat, and let all cook together a half hour
and serve hot.


11.--Spanish Fried Chicken.

Cut a fat hen into pieces at the joints and boil until tender; season
and fry with 1 onion and 2 green peppers chopped fine. Add 1 cup of
tomato-sauce, salt and pepper to taste. Serve the chicken on a platter
with boiled rice.


12.--Hungarian Bread Pudding.

Chop 1/2 cup of suet. Mix with 1/2 loaf of stale bread that has been
soaked and pressed dry. Add 1 cup of chopped apples, 1 cup of sugar,
1/2 cup of chopped raisins and nuts. Sprinkle with cinnamon, nutmeg
and grated lemon peel; then mix with the yolks of 4 eggs and the
whites beaten stiff. Put in a well-buttered pudding-dish, and let bake
until done. Serve hot with wine sauce.


13.--Swedish Baked Turnips.

Peel small tender turnips; heat 1 tablespoonful of butter in a
saucepan. Place the turnips in whole, sprinkle with salt and pepper;
add a tablespoonful of sugar. Pour over a cup of water; cover and let
cook for one hour until tender but not broken. Thicken the sauce with
flour and milk. Add a little water and set in the oven a half hour,
covered with paper; then serve.


14.--Belgian Baked Bananas.

Skin fine bananas and lay them whole in a baking-dish. Sprinkle with
sugar and grated lemon peel. Add the juice of 1 orange, 1/2 lemon and
1/2 glass of sherry wine. Let bake in a quick oven. Put the bananas in
a glass dish and pour over the sauce. Let get cold and serve.


15.--Japanese Rice.

Boil 1 cup of rice; add 3 chopped shallots, 1 teaspoonful of soy and
salt to taste. Place on a platter, cover with chopped hard-boiled
eggs, sprinkle with salt, paprica and chopped parsley. Garnish with
some thin slices of smoked salmon.


16.--Scotch Loaf Cake.

Mix 1/2 pound of butter with 1/4 pound of sugar, 1/2 cup of chopped
nuts and 1/2 cup of shredded citron; then work in 1 pound of sifted
flour with 2 teaspoonfuls of baking-powder. Make a loaf a half inch
thick and bake in a moderate oven until done.


17.--English Meat Loaf.

Chop cooked veal and boiled ham; place in a well-greased mold
alternate layers of veal, ham and hard-boiled eggs. Sprinkle with
pepper, mace and chopped parsley. Moisten with beef-stock and let bake
in the oven. Serve cold, sliced very thin, garnished with watercress.


18.--Jewish Purim Cakes.

Beat 1 cup of sugar with 1/2 cup of butter to a cream; add 2 beaten
eggs, a pinch of salt, 1/2 cup of milk and the grated peel of 1/2
lemon. Add enough sifted flour with 1 teaspoonful of baking-powder to
make a soft biscuit dough. Put on a well-floured baking-board. Roll
out a half inch thick. Cut into triangles and drop in a kettle of hot
rendered butter; fry until a golden brown. Then mix some powdered
sugar with a little milk and flavor with vanilla. Spread on the top.


19.--Swiss Pie.

Make a rich pie-dough. Line a buttered pie-dish with the dough; then
slice three onions very thin and let cook in hot butter until tender;
add a pinch of salt. Fill the pie with the onions, cover the top with
cream and let bake in a moderate oven until done. Serve hot or cold.


20.--French Apple Fritters.

Peel and slice large apples; sprinkle with sugar and lemon-juice and
make a rich egg batter. Sweeten to taste and flavor with 2
tablespoonfuls of orange-flower water. Lay the sliced apples in the
batter and fry in deep hot lard to a golden brown. Serve with
wine sauce.


21.--Jewish Purim Torte.

Line a well-buttered baking-dish with a rich pie-paste. Then mix 1 cup
of fine poppy-seeds with the yolks of 5 eggs and 1/2 cup of sugar,
some chopped raisins and nuts and the juice of 1/2 lemon. Add the
whites beaten stiff; then fill with the mixture and let bake
until done.


22.--English Boiled Pudding.

Mix 1/2 pound of butter with 1/2 pound of powdered sugar to a cream.
Add the yolks of 6 eggs beaten, 1/2 cup of seeded raisins and some
chopped citron, a pinch of nutmeg and cinnamon. Mix in 1/2 pound of
sifted flour and 1/2 teaspoonful of baking-powder. Add the whites,
beaten to a stiff froth; put in a buttered pudding-mold, and let boil
until done. Serve with brandy sauce.


23.--German Stewed Brains.

Clean the brains. Heat 1 tablespoonful of drippings in a pan; add the
brains, 1 sliced onion, some parsley, salt and pepper. Let stew
fifteen minutes. Thicken the sauce with butter and flour; let boil up.
Serve hot with spinach and sprinkle all with chopped hard-boiled eggs.


24.--Scotch Cream Muffins.

Sift 1 pint of flour with 1 teaspoonful of baking-powder; beat three
yolks of eggs with a pinch of salt; add 1 pint of cream and 1
tablespoonful of melted butter. Stir in the flour; add the whites
beaten to a stiff froth. Beat all well together. Fill the muffin-rings
1/2 full and bake in a quick oven for twenty minutes.


25.--French Tart.

Make a rich pie-dough. Line a large pie-dish with the paste and bake.
Take 3 ounces of almonds and pound to a paste; add 3 tablespoonfuls of
pulverized sugar, 2 tablespoonfuls of melted butter, 1/2 teaspoonful
of cinnamon and the yolks of 2 eggs well beaten with 1 tablespoonful
of rum. Add the beaten whites; fill the pie and bake in a moderate
oven. Then make a glace. Mix 1 ounce of granulated sugar with 1
tablespoonful of cold water and let come to a boil. Put on the pie
when cool and serve.


26.--Polish Stewed Beans.

Break string-beans into pieces and let boil in salted water until
tender; then heat 1 tablespoonful of butter; stir in 1 tablespoonful
of flour until brown. Add the water in which the beans were cooked,
1/2 cup of vinegar, 1 tablespoonful of brown sugar, some cinnamon and
cloves to taste. Let sauce boil. Add the beans and simmer ten minutes.
Serve hot with a beef pot roast.


27.--Vienna Milk Rolls.

Sift 1-1/2 quarts of flour; add 1/2 teaspoonful of salt; work in a
large tablespoonful of butter; then stir in 1/2 cup of milk with a
piece of yeast dissolved in the milk and a teaspoonful of sugar. Beat
all up well with 1 pint of milk; let raise over night. Roll out an
inch thick; cut with a biscuit-cutter; rub with melted butter; lay in
a buttered baking-pan; let raise one hour; then bake in a hot oven
twenty minutes.


28.--Scotch Potato Stew.

Cut the potatoes into small dice pieces and fry in hot lard. Then fry
1 onion cut fine in hot butter, but do not brown; stir in some flour;
then add milk, salt, pepper and parsley. Let boil up once and add the
potatoes to the sauce. Let all get very hot and serve.


29.--Jewish Dumplings.

Soak 6 crackers in water; then press dry. Fry 1 chopped onion in
butter and pour over the crackers. Add 3 eggs and chopped parsley;
sprinkle with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Mix all with some cracker-meal
until you can form into balls and boil in salted water until done.
Serve hot with melted butter poured over them, and garnish
with parsley.


30.--Italian Soup.

Chop some cabbage and let fry in 2 tablespoonfuls of butter; add 1/2
cup of rice (dry) and 1 clove of garlic chopped with 1/2 small onion.
Let fry a few minutes; then add 2 quarts of soup-stock seasoned with
salt, white pepper and a little saffron to taste. Add 1/2 cup of
grated Parmesan cheese; let all cook until done. Serve with
toasted croutons.




_MAY._


1.--Turkish Puree.

Boil 1 cup of lentils with 1 bay-leaf, 2 sprigs of parsley, a pinch of
salt and pepper to taste; add some mace and cook until tender. Then
fry 1 chopped onion in 2 tablespoonfuls of olive-oil; add the lentils
and 1 cup of cooked rice and 1 tablespoonful of butter. Stir well
together and let get very hot. Put on a platter and pour over a highly
seasoned tomato-sauce and serve. Garnish with fried parsley.


2.--Jewish Kugel.

Soak 1/2 loaf of bread in water; then press it dry. Heat 1/2 cup of
butter and mix with the bread; add 2 chopped apples, 1/2 cup of
raisins, 1/2 cup of pounded almonds and the grated peel of a lemon.
Add the yolks of 4 eggs and the whites beaten to a stiff froth; mix
well together. Put in a buttered pudding-dish and pour over 1/2 cup of
melted butter; let bake in a moderate oven until brown. Serve hot.


3.--English Muffins.

Take 1 quart of warm milk, 1/2 cup of yeast, 1 teaspoonful of salt and
flour enough to make a stiff batter; let stand to raise until light.
Then add 1/2 cup of melted butter, 1 teaspoonful of soda dissolved in
a little water; add enough flour to make a very stiff batter and let
raise half an hour. Then fill well-greased muffin-rings half full with
the batter and bake in a quick oven until done. Serve with butter.


4.--Spanish Roast Veal.

Season a 6-pound veal-roast with salt and pepper and rub well with
butter; put in the dripping-pan with one large sliced onion, 1
bay-leaf, 2 sprigs of parsley and 2 of thyme and sage. Add 1/2
teaspoonful each of cloves, allspice and mace. Pour in 1 cup of hot
water and the juice of a lemon and dredge with flour; add a
tablespoonful of butter. Let bake until brown and tender. Baste often
with the sauce and serve.


5.--Madras Stewed Chicken.

Cut a spring chicken into pieces at the joints; season with salt and
pepper and fry in hot lard with some tender mutton chops. Fry 1 sliced
onion in hot butter with 2 ounces of rice, 1 teaspoonful of
curry-powder and 1 chopped apple; add to the chicken. Moisten with 1
quart of chicken broth, season to taste and let simmer until the
chicken and mutton are very tender; then add 1 pint of hot oysters and
the juice of 1/2 lemon. Let all get very hot and serve on a platter
with fried egg-plant.


6.--Irish Beef Rolls.

Chop some fat beef with 1 onion and 2 sprigs of parsley. Season with
salt, pepper, nutmeg and a little mace to taste and the grated rind of
1/2 lemon, 1 beaten egg and 1/2 cup of fine bread-crumbs. Mix all well
together and shape into rolls. Then heat some dripping in a saucepan;
lay in the rolls; cover and let simmer until brown. Serve hot with
the sauce.


7.--Norwegian Fruit Pudding.

Boil 1 pint of raspberries and 1 pint of red currants in 2 cups of
water until soft; add 3 cups of sugar, some cinnamon, 1 cup of pounded
almonds and 1 tablespoonful of chopped citron. Let cook and mash until
smooth; then thicken with a little cornstarch. Remove from the fire
and pour into a mold. When cold, serve with whipped cream.


8.--Spanish Puffs.

Put a large cupful of water in a saucepan; add 2 ounces of butter, 1/4
teaspoonful of salt, 1 tablespoonful of pulverized sugar. While
boiling, stir in sifted flour until stiff and smooth. Remove from the
stove and stir in the yolks of 4 eggs, one at a time, and the beaten
whites; then fry by the teaspoonful in boiling lard until browned.
Serve with a caramel sauce.


9.--Belgian Veal Scallop.

Chop cooked veal to a fine mince; butter a baking-dish and put
alternate layers of veal, rice and tomato-sauce until dish is full.
Cover over with fine bread-crumbs; pour over some melted butter and
let bake in the oven until brown. Serve with French peas.


10.--Parisian Chicken.

Clean and season 2 spring chickens. Put them in a saucepan with 3
tablespoonfuls of butter; cover and let simmer until brown. Add 1/2
can of mushrooms, chopped parsley, and 1 glass of wine; let all cook
until done. Put on a platter and pour over 1 cup of hot cream. Serve,
garnished with croutons.


11.--German Boiled Noodles.

Make a stiff noodle-dough; roll out very thin and cut into ribbons
half an inch wide. Let them dry and boil in salted water; drain in a
colander. Fry some sliced onions in butter until soft; add the
noodles. Stir and serve hot with stewed chicken.


12.--Dutch Baked Fish.

Clean and split a fish open down the back; remove the backbone;
sprinkle with salt and pepper; put in a baking-dish, flesh side up.
Put flakes of butter on top; sprinkle with a little flour; moisten
with cream. Bake in a hot oven until brown. Pour over a Hollandaise
sauce and serve hot.


13.--Vienna Cheese Torte.

Mix 1 cup of cottage cheese with 1 tablespoonful of cream, 1
tablespoonful of flour, 1 tablespoonful of butter, 3 tablespoonfuls of
sugar, the yolks of 3 eggs, and a pinch of salt and cinnamon. Mix all
together with the whites beaten stiff; then line muffin-rings with a
rich pastry-dough; fill with the cheese and bake in a moderate oven
until brown.


14.--Hungarian Fried Noodles.

Beat 3 eggs with 2 tablespoonfuls of water; add a pinch of salt and
enough flour to make a stiff dough work well. Then roll out as thin as
paper; fold the dough and cut into round pieces; fry in deep hot lard
to a golden brown. Serve hot with stewed chicken.


15.--Belgian Roast Lamb.

Season 4 pounds of lamb with salt, pepper and lemon-juice; put in the
dripping-pan with 2 small chopped onions, 1 bay-leaf, 2 sprigs of
parsley and thyme; then pour over 1/2 cup of butter and dredge with
flour. Add a cup of hot water and the juice of a lemon. Let bake in a
hot oven until done. Serve with French peas.


16.--Russian Salad.

Chop 1/2 pound of cold roast veal with 1/4 pound of smoked salmon, 3
sour pickles, 2 sour apples, 1 large onion, some beans and capers and
3 hard-boiled eggs chopped fine. Add some chopped nuts. Season and
pour over a mayonnaise dressing. Garnish with sliced beets and olives;
serve cold.


17.--French Rolls.

Prepare the dough as for bread. Work in 1/4 pound of butter and 1/4
pound of sugar. Add 4 beaten eggs; form into rolls; put in a
well-buttered baking-pan; let them raise half an hour. Brush the tops
with beaten egg and let bake until done.


18.--German Herring Salad.

Soak herrings over night in cold water; remove the milch; cut off the
head and skin and cut the herring into small pieces; add 2 apples, 2
pickles, 3 hard-boiled eggs, 1 onion, a few olives, all cut fine. Put
into bowl; mash the milch with a little mustard, 1 teaspoonful of
sugar, pepper and salt. Add 1/4 cupful of vinegar and mix all well
together. Garnish with sliced lemon, and serve with boiled potatoes.


19.--Belgian Fried Calf's Feet.

Clean and boil the calf's feet until tender; season with salt and
pepper. Remove the large bones from the feet; beat 2 eggs with salt
and pepper; dip the feet in the beaten eggs; then roll in fine
bread-crumbs and fry in deep hot lard until brown. Serve hot with
tomato-sauce.


20.--Italian Ice Cream.

Whip 1 quart of cream with 2 cupfuls of sugar until stiff. Put in the
freezer until half frozen; then add the juice and grated peel of 2
lemons, 2 tablespoonfuls of fine brandy, and a little pistache
coloring. Let freeze until hard and serve with cake.


21.--French Chocolate Biscuits.

Beat the yolks of 6 eggs with 10 ounces of powered sugar; add 1 ounce
of powdered French chocolate. Mix well with 4 ounces of flour and the
whites beaten stiff with a pinch of salt; add 1 tablespoonful of
vanilla extract. Bake on wafer sheets in small cakes to a light brown.


22.--India Canapes.

Cut slices of bread into delicate circles and toast in butter; then
take 1 ounce of chutney and 2 ounces of grated Parmesan cheese; spread
the toast with ham and the chutney and sprinkle with grated cheese.
Set in the oven a few minutes and serve hot, garnished with
fried parsley.


23.--Chicken a la Tartare.

Season and stew 2 spring chickens with 1 onion, some capers, parsley,
1 bay-leaf and 2 sprigs of thyme chopped fine until tender. Remove the
chickens; add 1 tablespoonful of minced pickles, 1 teaspoonful of made
mustard, 1 teaspoonful of tarragon and 1/2 cup of mayonnaise sauce.
Let boil up and pour over the chickens. Serve with boiled rice.


24.--Jewish Pudding.

Soak 6 matzoth crackers in water; press dry and mix with 1
tablespoonful of butter, a pinch of salt, the yolks of 5 eggs, a small
cup of sugar, some cinnamon, 1/2 cup of raisins and a little grated
lemon peel. Add the beaten whites and bake until brown. Serve with
wine sauce.


25.--German Potato Pancakes.

Peel 3 large potatoes and lay in salted water half an hour; then grate
the potatoes; add pepper, salt, 3 eggs and a large spoonful of flour.
Beat well together and fry in hot lard by the tablespoonful until
light brown. Serve hot with a pot roast.


26.--English Roast Veal.

Season a veal loin roast with salt and pepper and rub with butter. Put
in the dripping-pan with sliced onions, tomatoes and parsley and 2
tablespoonfuls of dripping. Let roast; baste often until tender. Serve
hot or cold, cut into thin slices.


27.--Russian Rice Pudding.

Mix cold boiled rice with the juice and rind of a lemon, 1 cup of
sugar and 1/2 glass of fine rum; then press into a mold. Let get very
cold and serve with cold cooked fruit.


28.--Scotch Pudding.

Take 2 quart of black cherries; remove the stones and mix with 1/2
pound of fine bread-crumbs, some chopped nuts, the beaten yolks of 4
eggs and 1/2 cup of sugar. Add the whites beaten stiff. Bake in a
well-buttered pudding-dish and serve cold.


29.--Italian Potato Balls.

Peel and boil potatoes in salted water until soft; drain, and mash
smooth. Take a pint of the mashed potatoes; mix with 2 tablespoonfuls
of melted butter and 1 egg; add a little flour, and form into balls.
Put them into a well-buttered baking-pan; sprinkle with grated
Parmesan cheese and bake in a quick oven to a golden brown. Serve with
stewed chicken.


30.--Belgian Veal Cutlets.

Season veal cutlets; dip in beaten egg and roll in fine bread-crumbs.
Fry in deep hot lard; keep hot. Chop a few onions with a clove of
garlic and fry in a tablespoonful of butter. Stir in 1 tablespoonful
of flour until brown; add a little water and the juice of a lemon,
salt, pepper and nutmeg to taste. Let boil well; then remove from the
fire; stir in the yolks of 2 eggs, and let get very hot; pour over the
chops. Serve with French peas.


31.--French Lemon Cookies.

Beat the yolks of 4 eggs; add 1 cup of butter and 3 cups of sugar
beaten. Add the whites beaten stiff and a teaspoonful of lemon
extract. Add enough flour with a teaspoonful of baking-powder to make
a stiff dough. Roll out thin; cut into small cookies and bake in a
quick oven to a light brown.




_JUNE._


1.--Italian Stuffed Tomatoes.

Cut tomatoes in halves; take out some of the pulp. Fry 1 large onion
in butter, add the tomato pulp, a piece of beef-marrow, 2 sprigs of
chopped parsley, salt and pepper. Remove from the fire; add a beaten
egg and mix with bread-crumbs and a pinch of nutmeg. Then fill the
tomatoes, sprinkle with buttered bread-crumbs and bake until done.
Serve on a platter with poached eggs. Garnish with croutons.


2.--English Salad.

Pick, wash and drain 2 heads of lettuce and break into pieces. Mix
with some watercress, shredded celery and a few leaves of mint. Put in
a salad bowl, sprinkle with salt, pepper, sugar and lemon-juice and
pour over a salad-dressing. Garnish with slices of hard-boiled eggs
and pickled beet-root.


3.--Scotch Stuffed Eggs.

Boil eggs until hard; remove the shells. Cut out the centres
lengthwise; then chop cooked chicken to a fine mince; add the yolk of
a raw egg and mix with cream. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Fill the eggs and dip them in beaten eggs and fine bread-crumbs and
fry a light brown. Serve hot with cream sauce. Garnish with parsley.


4.--Oriental Vegetable Curry.

Peel and fry some small onions. Add 2 stalks of celery, cut into inch
pieces; sprinkle with salt, pepper and curry-powder; add a few
truffles and pour over all 1 cup of stock. Let stew until tender. Then
boil some potatoes; mash smooth with butter and season with curry
sauce. Place a border of mashed potatoes on a platter and put the stew
in the centre; serve hot. Garnish with fried parsley.


5.--Chinese Noodle Soup.

Boil a large hen in 3 quarts of water. Add a few slices of ham, 1
onion sliced, some sliced mushrooms, 2 stalks of celery cut fine, 2
tomatoes and Chinese chopped herbs. Let cook three hours and strain;
then boil up; add fine noodles and let cook ten minutes. Add chopped
parsley and serve at once.


6.--Hindu Eggs.

Slice some hard-boiled eggs and place in a well-buttered baking-dish.
Cover with well-beaten raw eggs; sprinkle with salt, pepper, cayenne
and curry-powder, a few bits of butter rolled in bread-crumbs and some
grated cheese. Let bake in a moderate oven until done.


7.--Portugal Veal Stew.

Heat 2 tablespoonfuls of olive-oil in a stew-pan; add 2 sliced onions,
a clove of garlic and a few capers. Let fry a few minutes. Stir in 1
tablespoonful of flour until brown; add 1/2 cup of stock; season with
salt, pepper, cinnamon, cloves and a pinch of saffron. Add 1 cup of
white wine; let boil; then add cooked veal sliced thin. Let cook ten
minutes in the sauce and serve very hot.


8.--Italian Coffee Cream.

Mix 1-1/2 cups of strong coffee with 1/2 cup of rich milk in a double
boiler; add 1/2 cup of sugar, 1 tablespoonful of gelatin and a pinch
of salt. Then stir in the yolks of 3 eggs beaten with 1/2 cup of sugar
until it thickens. Remove from the fire; add the whites beaten to a
froth and a teaspoonful of vanilla. Pack in a mold and freeze until
hard and serve with whipped cream.


9.--Scotch Rarebit.

Cut 1/2 pound of cheese in very small pieces and add 1 ounce of fresh
butter, 2 tablespoonfuls of fine bread-crumbs, 1 teaspoonful of
prepared mustard, salt and pepper and a pinch of cayenne to taste. Mix
well together to a smooth paste. Have ready some buttered toast; place
on a dish, spread with the mixture and set in the oven until melted.
Serve at once.


10.--Irish Ham Omelet.

Beat 6 yolks of eggs with a pinch of salt; add the whites beaten stiff
and mix with a tablespoonful of cream. Beat 2 ounces of butter in an
omelet pan; add the beaten eggs and shake the pan to spread evenly.
Have ready some finely minced ham. Spread on half of the omelet, fold
and serve at once on a hot dish.


11.--Jewish Stewed Tongue.

Boil a calf's tongue in salted water until tender; skin and slice
thin. Then heat 2 tablespoonfuls of butter; add 1 chopped onion; stir
in 1 tablespoonful of flour until brown; add 2 cups of the water in
which the tongue was cooked, 1/4 cup of seeded raisins, a few cloves,
1 bay-leaf, 1/4 cup of vinegar, and 1/2 teaspoonful of paprica. Let
all boil well; then add the sliced tongue. Let simmer ten minutes.
Serve hot or cold.


12.--French Prune Souffle.

Cook 1/2 pound of prunes until soft; remove the stones and cut the
prunes into small pieces. Mix with some chopped nuts and the yolks of
3 eggs well beaten with 3 tablespoonfuls of pulverized sugar. Add 1
teaspoonful of vanilla and the whites of the eggs beaten stiff. Put in
a pudding-dish and bake in a moderate oven for ten minutes and serve.


13.--Italian Cooked Eggs.

Take 6 hard-boiled eggs and cut lengthwise. Put in a pan with 12
anchovies, some onion juice and 1 tablespoonful of finely chopped
parsley. Season with salt, white pepper and a little nutmeg, grated.
Then pour over all 1/2 pint of sour cream. Let boil up once and serve
hot with croutons.


14.--Spanish Broiled Steak.

Season a porter-house steak with salt and pepper and rub with butter.
Place on a hot gridiron and let broil on a quick fire on both sides.
Make this sauce: Chop 1 onion and brown in 1 tablespoonful of butter;
add 1/2 cup of stock and 1/2 cup of claret; let boil well. Season and
thicken the sauce with a little flour and some chopped parsley. Let
boil up and serve at once with the steak.


15.--Liver a la Bourgogne.

Season a calf's liver with salt and pepper; put a few slices of bacon
in a saucepan; let get very hot. Add the liver, 1 onion, 1 carrot, 2
bay-leaves and 2 sprigs of thyme minced fine; cover and let brown a
few minutes. Then add 1 glass of sherry wine, salt and pepper and
sprinkle with flour. Let simmer ten minutes. Serve hot with potatoes.


16.--Messina Macaroni.

Boil some macaroni in salted water until tender. Then fry 1 onion and
2 cloves of garlic chopped in olive-oil. Add 1 cup of tomato-sauce,
salt and pepper to taste. Then add the macaroni, and let fry
altogether. Serve hot with baked chicken.


17.--Dutch Prune Pudding.

Boil prunes until very soft; remove the stones. Mash well; add the
yolks of 4 beaten eggs, 3 tablespoonfuls of sugar, 1 cup of
bread-crumbs, 1 teaspoonful of vanilla, 1/2 cup of chopped nuts, and
the whites of the eggs beaten stiff. Put in a well-buttered
pudding-dish and bake in a moderate oven until done. Serve cold.


18.--Irish Beef Stew.

Season a piece of fat beef; put in a stew-pan with some hot water. Let
cook slowly a half hour. Then add 3 potatoes, cut in dice pieces, and
1 onion, sliced. Let cook slowly until tender. Add 1/2 cup of corn and
1 cup of tomatoes; season with salt and pepper. Let all cook until
done. Serve hot.


19.--English Creamed Asparagus.

Cut tough ends from the asparagus; scrape and boil in salted water
until tender. Make a cream sauce. When done, stir in the yolk of an
egg; season with a little white pepper. The sauce must be rather thick
and poured hot over the asparagus. Serve with veal chops.


20.--French Float.

Line a glass dish with stale sponge-cake. Sprinkle with wine. Make a
boiled custard. Use 4 yolks of eggs and flavor with rose-water. Beat
the whites with pulverized sugar and flavor to taste. Pour the custard
over the cake and place the stiffly beaten whites on top. Put on the
ice and serve very cold.


21.--Russian Pot Roast.

Season a round of beef with salt, pepper, cloves and nutmeg. Put in a
saucepan on hot dripping. Peel 6 small onions and slice 2 carrots and
2 cloves of garlic. Add to the meat with 1 herb bouquet. Cover with 1
cup of hot water and let cook slowly until tender; then add 1/2 can of
chopped mushrooms, 1 glass of claret, salt and pepper to taste. Serve
hot on a border of mashed potatoes.


22.--Spanish Salad.

Take 1/2 pound of chopped chicken, 1/4 pound of almonds, 1 red pepper,
1 Spanish onion and 1 head of chicory chopped fine. Mix in a salad
bowl with 1/4 teaspoonful of salt, 1 teaspoonful of curry-powder, 2
tablespoonfuls of tarragon vinegar, 4 tablespoonfuls of olive-oil.
Garnish with sliced beets and bananas.


23.--Scotch Baked Potatoes.

Peel and slice 6 raw potatoes very thin; then beat 1 egg with 1
tablespoonful of butter. Put the potatoes into a shallow baking-dish,
sprinkle well with salt and pepper. Add enough milk to cover the
potatoes; add the beaten egg. Sprinkle 1/2 cup of grated cheese over
all and let bake until done.


24.--German Apple Cake.

Make a biscuit dough; roll out very thin and put on a well-buttered
cake-pan. Have ready some apples. Cut in quarters; lay closely on the
cake; sprinkle thick with brown sugar; add some cinnamon and a handful
of currants. Pour some fresh melted butter over the cake; set in the
oven to bake until done. Serve with coffee.


25.--English Ham Sandwiches.

Cut thin slices of fresh bread. Chop ham with the yolks of 2
hard-boiled eggs; add some made mustard and fresh butter and a dash of
pepper. Mix all well and spread between the slices of bread. Serve on
a folded napkin and garnish with sprigs of parsley.


26.--Swiss Peach Custard.

Line a well-buttered pudding-dish with slices of sponge-cake and cover
with peach compote. Make an egg custard and cover with the custard;
set in the oven to bake. Beat the whites of 2 eggs with a little
lemon-juice and pulverized sugar spread on the top and let brown.
Serve cold.


27.--French Veal Hash.

Cut veal round-steak into small pieces. Then fry some chopped bacon, 1
onion and 2 cloves of garlic chopped; add the meat; stir well and let
all fry a few minutes. Add 1 cup of boiling water and let cook slowly
with some parsley and thyme, salt, pepper, until tender. Add a
tablespoonful of vinegar. Let boil up; remove from the fire and stir
in the yolks of 2 eggs well beaten. Serve hot with toast.


28.--Vienna Potato Salad.

Slice boiled potatoes thin; chop some onion very fine; slice 2
hard-boiled eggs and mix. Sprinkle all with salt and pepper. Then heat
some vinegar. Add a teaspoonful of made mustard and stir with the
beaten yolk of an egg. Mix all together with 1 tablespoonful of hot
butter and chopped parsley. Serve with cold meats.


29.--French Baked Omelet.

Beat 4 yolks of eggs; add 6 soda crackers crushed fine, salt, pepper,
1 teaspoonful of grated onion, 1 tablespoonful of butter and 1 cup of
milk. Beat up well; add the whites beaten stiff; put into a
well-buttered baking-dish and let bake in a hot oven. Serve at once.


30.--Italian Batter Cakes.

Beat 3 yolks of eggs with 1 cup of milk, a Salt-spoonful of salt, 1
tablespoonful of olive-oil and 1 tablespoonful of sugar. Mix with 1/2
cup of flour and the beaten whites of the eggs. Fry until light brown.
Serve with cooked fruit.




_JULY._


1.--Portugal Iced Pudding.

Mix 1 quart of vanilla ice-cream with 1 gill of wine, 1/4 pound of
Malaga grapes, 2 ounces of candied orange peel, chopped fine, and 1
pint of whipped cream. Then place in the freezer to harden and serve.


2.--English Chicken Salad.

Mix 1 cup of cold chicken cut fine with 1 cup of chopped celery, 1 cup
of cooked chestnuts chopped and 2 green peppers cut fine. Season with
salt and pepper. Put on crisp lettuce leaves in the salad bowl; cover
with a mayonnaise dressing. Serve cold.


3.--Turkish Stewed Lamb.

Season a quarter of a young lamb and cut into pieces. Lay in a large
stew-pan and cover with hot water. Add 1 sliced onion, 2 sliced green
peppers and 2 tomatoes, 1 red pepper and 2 sprigs of parsley. Let stew
slowly until tender. Then fry thin slices of egg-plant and add to the
stew. Serve hot.


4.--Irish Apple Pudding.

Pare and slice apples and lay them in a buttered pie-dish. Sprinkle
with brown sugar; add the juice and rind of 1/2 of a lemon, a pinch of
cinnamon and cloves. Then cover with a rich pie-paste and let bake
until done.


5.--Indian Rice.

Boil 1 cup of rice in chicken broth; add a pinch of curry-powder and
season to taste with salt and pepper. Boil 1/2 teaspoonful of saffron
in 1 cup of the stock; then let all cook slowly until the broth is
entirely absorbed by the rice. Serve very hot.


6.--Hungarian Chicken Soup.

Boil a large chicken in 3 quarts of water; season with salt, sage and
pepper; add 1 onion chopped and cook until tender. Remove the chicken
and chop it fine; then add to the soup with the yolks of 3 well-beaten
eggs; let all get very hot. Sprinkle with chopped parsley and serve
at once.


7.--Yorkshire Pudding.

Beat 3 eggs with a pinch of salt; add 1 pint of milk and 2/3 of a cup
of flour. Stir until smooth. Then pour into a well-greased pan and
bake until done. Serve with English roast-beef, and pour over
the gravy.


8.--Portugal Salad.

Slice 2 cucumbers, 2 tomatoes, 1 onion and two green peppers. Then
sprinkle with 1 chopped clove of garlic, salt and pepper and cover
with some thin slices of bread. Pour over all a cup of vinegar and 1/4
cup of olive-oil and serve.


9.--English Chocolate Pudding.

Soak 6 ounces of bread-crumbs in milk and press dry; add 2 ounces of
butter mixed with 3 ounces of sugar and 3 ounces of chocolate; add the
yolks of 6 eggs well beaten, and flavor with a teaspoonful of vanilla;
add the whites beaten to a stiff froth. Bake in a quick oven and
serve at once.


10.--Spanish Canapes.

Prepare circular pieces of buttered toast. Then mix 1 cup of chopped
fish with 3 sweet pickles minced fine, and 2 tablespoonfuls of Madras
chutney; moisten with 2 tablespoonfuls of Hollandaise sauce. Spread
this mixture over 8 pieces of toast; sprinkle with 3 tablespoonfuls of
grated Parmesan cheese. Let bake for five minutes and serve.


11.--French Strawberry Pudding.

Dip enough macaroons in wine to line the pudding-dish; cover with
sweetened strawberries. Beat the yolks of 4 eggs with sugar and flavor
with vanilla; pour over the strawberries; put in the oven to bake.
Beat the whites to a stiff froth with some pulverized sugar; put on
top of the pudding and let brown. Serve cold.


12.--Veal Croquettes a la Reine.

Chop cold veal. Mix with some sweetbread and mushrooms chopped. Season
with salt, pepper and lemon-juice. Add a sprig of parsley and a little
onion chopped fine. Mix with a beaten egg and bread-crumbs; sprinkle
with nutmeg. Form into croquettes. Dip in beaten egg and fine
bread-crumbs and fry in deep hot lard. Serve hot with a cream sauce.


13.--German Cheese Pie.

Line a pie-plate with a rich pie-dough. Mix 1 cup of cottage cheese
with 1 tablespoonful of butter, 1/4 cup of sugar, 2 eggs, a pinch of
salt and a few currants. Mix well. Fill the pie. Sprinkle with sugar
and cinnamon and bake until light brown. Serve hot or cold.


14.--Italian Veal Pates.

Chop cooked veal with some onion, parsley, thyme and 1 clove of
garlic; season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Add some chopped ham,
lemon-juice and 2 eggs. Mix with bread-crumbs and melted butter. Fill
into small pate shells; rub with butter and beaten egg. Place a paper
over the top and let bake in a moderate oven. Serve with tomato-sauce.


15.--Hungarian Noodle Pudding.

Boil finely cut noodles in salted water drain and mix with the yolks
of 5 eggs, 1/2 cup of raisins, sugar, cinnamon, and grated lemon peel
to taste. Add the beaten whites. Line the pudding-dish with a rich
pie-paste. Fill with the noodles and pour over some melted butter.
Bake until brown. Serve hot with lemon sauce.


16.--Polish Stewed Chicken.

Clean a fat hen and cut into pieces at the joints; season and let stew
with 2 sliced onions, 2 carrots and 1 potato, cut into dice pieces.
When nearly done, add 1 cup of sauerkraut, 2 tablespoonfuls of sorrel
and 1/2 cup of wine. Let cook until tender and serve on a platter with
cooked rice.


17.--Madras Curried Apples.

Peel and core 4 sour apples and cut into rings; then sprinkle with
curry-powder and let fry until tender. Add a few thinly cut shallots.
Cover and let simmer until done. Serve on a platter with boiled rice
and pour over a curry sauce.


18.--Irish Batter Cakes.

Beat the yolks of 4 eggs; add a pinch of salt, 1 tablespoonful of
melted butter, 1 small cup of milk and sifted flour enough to make a
smooth batter. Beat well. Add the whites of eggs, beaten stiff and let
fry a golden color; then spread with jam and serve hot.


19.--Spanish Baked Eggs.

Poach eggs as soft as possible. Butter a baking-dish; add a layer of
bread-crumbs and grated cheese. Place the eggs on the crumbs; sprinkle
with salt, pepper, grated cheese and chopped parsley. Cover with
bread-crumbs and pour over some cream sauce. Let bake in a hot oven
until brown on top. Serve with toast.


20.--Scotch Stewed Onions.

Boil 1 dozen small onions and 4 leeks in salted water until tender;
drain. Heat 2 tablespoonfuls of butter. Stir in 1 tablespoonful of
flour until smooth but not brown; then add 1/2 pint of rich milk;
season highly with pepper, and salt to taste. Add the onions; let boil
up and serve.


21.--German Baked Cabbage.

Take a large cabbage; remove the outer leaves and the inside, leaving
a frame. Chop all the cabbage from the inside and fry in hot grease
with 1 sliced onion. Remove from the fire. Mix well with bread-crumbs
and 1/2 cup of chopped ham, 2 eggs, salt, black pepper and cayenne.
Refill the cabbage; put on the outside leaves; cover the top with
leaves. Put in a baking-pan; sprinkle with bits of butter and pour in
1/2 cup of water. Let bake until brown. Serve hot.


22.--Dutch Veal Stew.

Season 3 pounds of veal with salt, pepper and lemon-juice. Put a few
slices of bacon in a stew-pan; when hot, add the veal. Cover and let
brown a few minutes; then add 2 carrots and 1 onion sliced thin, some
thyme and mace; pour over 1 cup of hot water. Cover and let cook
slowly until tender. Thicken with flour mixed with 1/2 cup of milk.
Add chopped parsley; season to taste and serve with baked potatoes.


23.--French Baked Apple Dumplings.

Peel and core apples; sprinkle well with sugar. Then mix some cold
boiled rice with 1 egg, a pinch of salt, sugar and cinnamon, flour
enough to make a dough. Cover the apples with the dough; put in a
well-buttered baking-dish with 2 tablespoonfuls of butter and bake to
a delicate brown. Serve with whipped cream.


24.--Bavarian Fried Brains.

Clean and boil the brains in salted water; add 1 onion sliced; let
cook ten minutes. Remove the brains and mash up well with 1
tablespoonful of butter, some bread-crumbs and parsley chopped, salt
and pepper to taste; add 2 eggs. Mix together and fry in deep hot lard
by the tablespoonful until brown. Serve with tomato-sauce.


25.--Polish Bread Pudding.

Soak 1 pint of bread in a quart of milk; add the yolks of 4 eggs, 1
cup of sugar, 2 tablespoonfuls of melted butter, 1/2 cup of raisins,
1/2 cup of currants, the juice of 1/2 lemon. Mix well and bake until
brown; then beat the whites to a stiff froth with 3 tablespoonfuls of
pulverized sugar. Spread the pudding with jelly and cover with the
beaten whites; set in the oven to brown.


26.--Vienna Cherry Cake.

Make a rich biscuit dough; roll out; then put on a well-buttered
baking-tin. Stone black cherries. Sprinkle the dough with flour and
cover with the cherries. Sprinkle with sugar and let bake until done.
Then cover with a sweetened egg custard and bake until brown.
Serve cold.


27.--Belgian Poached Eggs.

Cut thin round slices of bread and toast them. Spread with chopped
anchovies and chopped ham. Cover the top with whipped whites of eggs
and place a raw yoke on each slice of bread. Set in the oven to bake
long enough to heat the egg, and serve at once.


28.--Bavarian Apple Pie.

Line a deep pie-dish with rich pie-paste. Let bake and fill with
chopped apples, raisins and chopped nuts, sugar and a pinch of
cinnamon and nutmeg. Then cover with cake-crumbs and let bake until
done. Beat 3 whites of eggs with pulverized sugar; flavor with lemon
and spread over the pudding. Set in the oven a few minutes to brown
on top.


29.--Russian Fried Sweetbreads.

Clean and season the sweetbreads with salt and pepper and sprinkle
with lemon-juice and chopped parsley. Roll in fine bread-crumbs and
fry in hot lard. Fry some eggs and put on a platter with the
sweetbreads and serve with tomato-sauce.


30.--Polish Apple Dumpling.

Peel and core the apples and fill the space with currants. Sprinkle
with sugar, cinnamon and grated lemon peel, and cover each apple with
a rich pie-paste. Lay on a well-buttered pie-dish and let bake until
done. Serve with wine sauce.


31.--Swiss Potato Dumpling.

Boil 6 potatoes, then grate them. Mix with 2 tablespoonfuls of flour
and 2 tablespoonfuls of butter and 3 eggs. Make into a soft dough;
roll out and then spread with fried bread-crumbs. Make into round
dumplings and let boil twenty minutes. Serve hot with melted butter
poured over.




_AUGUST._


1.--German Pot Roast.

Take a 5-pound beef roast. Rub with salt and black pepper and paprica;
pour over some boiling vinegar; add 2 bay-leaves, a few peppercorns
and cloves. Let stand over night. Heat 2 tablespoonfuls of dripping in
a saucepan; lay in the meat with 2 sliced onions. Let stew slowly with
one cup of water and 1/2 cup of the spiced vinegar until tender.
Thicken the sauce with flour and serve hot with potato pancakes.


2.--Scotch Soup.

Cut a sheep's liver into pieces and stew with the sheep's head in 4
quarts of water. Add sliced onions, sliced leeks, carrots, turnips,
parsley and thyme, salt, pepper and a few cloves. Let all cook until
tender; then strain. Let stand until cool. Skim off the fat; heat and
mix with flour until brown; let boil. Add a glass of white wine. Cook
all together and serve hot.


3.--Spanish Fried Potatoes.

Peel some new potatoes and cook until tender. Mix some fine
bread-crumbs with grated Parmesan cheese and chopped parsley. Beat 2
eggs with salt and pepper; dip each potato in beaten egg and roll in
the bread-crumbs. Fry in deep hot lard until brown. Serve hot.


4.--French Frozen Milk Punch.

Sweeten 1 quart of milk with 2 cupfuls of sugar; let come to a boil.
Remove from the fire and grate in 1/2 nutmeg. When cool, freeze until
half frozen; then stir in 3 cupfuls of whipped cream and freeze again.
Add 1/2 cup of rum and 1 cupful of French brandy. Let freeze until
hard and serve.


5.--Bavarian Fruit Compote.

Cook 2 cups of water with 1 cup of wine. Add 1 cup of sugar and a
pinch of cinnamon and some strawberries, cherries and blackberries.
Let simmer in the juice until fruit is done. Put in a glass dish and
pour over the syrup. Serve cold.


6.--Vienna Rice Custard.

Boil 1/2 cup of rice in 1 quart of milk; add salt to taste; boil until
very soft. Beat the yolks of 3 eggs with 4 tablespoonfuls of sugar and
stir in the rice. Flavor with rose-water and put in a well-buttered
pudding-dish. Beat the whites with pulverized sugar to a stiff froth;
spread on the custard and let bake in the oven until done. Serve cold.


7.--French Fried Cucumbers.

Peel the cucumbers and cut into inch slices. Sprinkle with salt and
pepper and dip in beaten eggs and fine bread-crumbs. Season with salt
and pepper and fry in hot lard until brown. Serve with tomato-sauce
and veal chops.


8.--German Cherry Soup.

Boil 1 quart of cherries until soft; sweeten to taste. Add some grated
lemon peel, some cinnamon, 1 bottle of red wine and 2 bottles of
water. Serve ice-cold with macaroons.


9.--Swiss Pancakes.

Peel and grate 4 raw potatoes; mix with 1 ounce of butter, 1 ounce of
bread-crumbs, 1/4 pint of milk, 1 large tablespoonful of Swiss cheese,
the yolks of three eggs and the whites beaten stiff. Season with salt
and pepper and mix with 1 tablespoonful of flour to a smooth batter;
then fry in hot lard until brown. Serve hot.


10.--English Tarts.

Make a rich puff paste; roll out thin and cut into squares; then fill
with fruit jam; turn over and pinch in the edges. Drop in a kettle of
deep hot lard and fry until a delicate brown. Sprinkle with pulverized
sugar and serve hot.


11.--Norwegian Rice.

Cook rice until tender; then reheat in a well-seasoned chicken stock.
Put on a platter; sprinkle with chopped chicken liver, scrambled eggs
and grated cheese and serve at once.


12.--Spanish Broiled Kidney.

Take a fresh kidney; clean and cut into thin slices; run a skewer
through them to hold them together. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and
brush with butter; put on a broiler and cook for five minutes. Then
place on a platter; pour over some lemon-juice and hot butter;
sprinkle with parsley and serve at once.


13.--Egyptian Stuffed Peppers.

Cut off the tops and remove the seeds from large sweet peppers. Stuff
with chopped raw beef highly seasoned, and mix with chopped onion,
parsley, tomato, a beaten egg and 2 tablespoonfuls of chutney. Put the
stuffed peppers in a baking-pan with a little hot water; sprinkle with
bits of butter and let bake three-quarters of an hour. Serve. Garnish
with cucumber salad.


14.--English Tea Cakes.

Beat 1/4 pound of butter with 1/4 pound of sugar to a cream. Add 1 egg
and 1 teaspoonful each of cinnamon and mace. Mix with 6 ounces of
sifted flour, a pinch of salt and milk enough to make a stiff dough;
then roll out very thin. Cut into round cakes and bake in a quick oven
until done.


15.--Bavarian Cheese Cake.

Make a rich biscuit dough; roll out and place on a well-buttered
pie-dish. Then mix 1/2 pound of cottage cheese with a pinch of salt,
1/4 cup of melted butter, 1/2 cup of sugar, 1/2 lemon grated, 2 yolks
of eggs and 1/2 cup of currants; add the whites beaten stiff. Fill the
pie with the cheese. Serve hot or cold with coffee.


16.--Spanish Chicken.

Cut a spring chicken into pieces at the joints; season with salt and
pepper and fry until brown. Remove the chicken; add 1 onion, 2 cloves
of garlic chopped and 1 cup of tomato-sauce. Cover and let simmer;
then add the chicken with 1 glass of sherry wine. Cook ten minutes.
Serve hot with boiled rice.


17.--Polish Shrimp Salad.

Drain 1 cup of shrimps and 1 can of sardines; cut into small pieces.
Add 2 hard-boiled eggs, 1 small onion, a few capers and gherkins
chopped fine and chopped parsley. Mix with 1/4 cup of vinegar. Line
the salad bowl with the crisp lettuce leaves. Add the salad and pour
over a mayonnaise dressing and serve.


18.--Dutch Apple Pudding.

Peel and chop apples; mix with 1/2 cup of nuts, raisins, the juice and
rind of 1/2 lemon and 1 tablespoonful of brandy. Then add the yolks of
4 eggs and the whites beaten to a stiff froth. Let bake in a moderate
oven until done. Serve cold.


19.--Bavarian Potatoes.

Peel and cook some new potatoes with 1 sliced onion, salt and pepper,
until tender. Then brown 1 tablespoonful of flour in 2 teaspoonfuls of
butter; add 1/2 cup of water; let boil well with some chopped parsley,
salt and pepper; then add the potatoes and let simmer five minutes.
Serve hot.


20.--Spanish Steak Roll.

Cut thin slices from the round steak; then chop 1 onion, 2 tomatoes,
some celery, parsley and 2 hard-boiled eggs and season with salt and
pepper. Mix with butter and fine bread-crumbs; then spread the mixture
on the steak, and roll up. Sprinkle with flour; lay closely in a pan
of hot dripping; cover and let simmer until tender. Serve hot,
garnished with olives and parsley.


21.--Oriental Cabbage.

Chop a small head of cabbage, then fry 1 onion and 2 sour apples
sliced thin. Add the chopped cabbage, 1/2 cup of stock and the juice
of 1/2 lemon; sprinkle with salt and cayenne pepper; add 1/2
teaspoonful of curry-powder. Cover and let all simmer until tender.
Serve very hot on a border of boiled rice.


22.--Dutch Salad.

Soak 3 Dutch herrings in milk; then cut off the heads and tails and
cut herrings into one-half inch pieces. Add 2 apples cut fine, 2
hard-boiled eggs sliced thin, some cooked beets cut fine, some celery
and green onions cut into very small pieces. Season and mix together.
Pour over some vinaigrette sauce, and sprinkle with chopped gherkins.


23.--Greek Cucumbers.

Peel large cucumbers; cut off the ends; scoop out the seeds; sprinkle
with salt. Then mix boiled rice with some chopped green onions and
stuff the cucumbers. Lay the cucumbers in a stew-pan; pour over 1 cup
of stock and the juice of a lemon; add 1 tablespoonful of butter, and
let cook until tender. Serve hot, and pour over a well-seasoned white
sauce. Garnish with parsley.


24.--Russian Beef Roll.

Chop 2 pounds of beef with 1/4 pound of suet; add 4 small onions, 2
cloves of garlic and 3 sprigs of parsley chopped fine. Season with
salt, pepper and nutmeg. Mix with some bread-crumbs and a beaten egg.
Shape into a roll and lay in a baking-dish; moisten with broth and let
bake until done. Serve on a platter with a border of mashed potatoes
and garnish with fried parsley.


25.--Jewish Veal Stew.

Cook 3 pounds of veal; when nearly done, add 2 cup of vinegar, 1/2 cup
of raisins, a pinch of cloves and cinnamon and a tablespoonful of
horseradish. Thicken the sauce with buttered bread-crumbs; season with
salt and pepper to taste. Serve with boiled rice.


26.--French Pop-overs.

Beat the yolks of 3 eggs until very light; add 1 pint of milk. Sift 1
pint of flour with 2 teaspoonfuls of baking powder; add 1/2
teaspoonful of salt and the whites of the eggs beaten to a stiff
froth. Flavor with rose-water. Mix well together and pour into hot
well-buttered cake-tins. Bake in a quick oven until a light brown.
Serve hot with French coffee.


27.--German Egg Toast.

Cut slices of stale bread; beat 3 eggs with a pinch of salt and 1/4
cup of milk. Dip the slices of bread in the beaten eggs and fry until
brown on both sides. Cover with pulverized sugar; sprinkle with
cinnamon and some finely chopped nuts. Serve hot.


28.--Irish Potato Puffs.

Peel and boil potatoes well seasoned; then mash thoroughly with a lump
of butter. Add some milk and 2 eggs; beat well until very light. Then
fry in deep hot lard by the tablespoonful until a light brown. Serve
hot with broiled steak.


29.--Belgian Eggs.

Take 4 eggs, 2 cups of milk, 4 tablespoonfuls of sugar, 1 teaspoonful
of flour. Beat whites separate; add flour to the yolks and sugar; beat
until stiff. Beat the whites and scald in milk; strain from the milk,
and set aside. Take the yolk, and stir gently in the milk until thick.
Remove from the fire. Place in a dish to cool. Flavor with vanilla and
then put the whites on top and serve.


30.--Irish Cucumber Salad.

Peel the cucumbers and slice thin; add 1 onion sliced. Sprinkle well
with salt; let stand half an hour on ice; press out all the water;
sprinkle with white pepper and chopped parsley. Add vinegar mixed with
sugar, to taste, and salad oil. Serve at once.


31.--German Iced Beer Soup.

Take one quart of fresh beer. Sweeten to taste and flavor with a pinch
of cinnamon and nutmeg. Slice a lemon very thin and put in the beer.
Let get very cold on ice and serve with sponge-cake.




_SEPTEMBER._


1.--Dutch Biscuits.

Make a soft biscuit dough; then put on a well-floured baking-board and
roll out one-half inch thick. Sprinkle with sugar, cinnamon and grated
lemon peel and pour over some melted butter. Then roll up the dough
and cut into inch thick slices; lay in a well-buttered baking-pan and
let bake in a hot oven until done.


2.--Hindoo Oyster Fritters.

Boil large oysters in their liquor; season with salt, pepper and
curry-powder. Let come to a boil; then drain, and spread the oysters
with highly seasoned minced chicken. Dip them in a seasoned egg batter
and fry in deep hot lard to a golden brown. Serve hot, garnished with
fried parsley and lemon slices.


3.--Jewish Chrimsel.

Soak 1/2 loaf of bread in milk; add 1 cup of sugar, 1/2 cup of
raisins, 1/2 cup of pounded nuts, the grated peel of a lemon and a
pinch of cinnamon. Then mix with the yolks of 4 eggs and the whites
beaten stiff and fry by the tablespoonful in hot fat until brown.
Serve hot with wine sauce.


4.--Spanish Relish.

Stone some large olives and fill the space with anchovy paste, mixed
with well-seasoned tomato-sauce. Then fry thin slices of bread and
spread with some of the paste. Place a filled olive in the centre;
sprinkle with chopped hard-boiled eggs and garnish with fillets of
anchovies and sprigs of parsley.


5.--French Orange Compote.

Make a syrup of sugar and water; add a little lemon-juice. Peel and
remove seeds of oranges; cut into quarters and lay them in the boiling
syrup; let cook ten minutes. Remove the oranges to a glass dish; pour
over the syrup and garnish with candied cherries.


6.--Spanish Baked Chicken.

Clean and season a chicken with salt and pepper and let boil until
tender. Put the chicken in a baking-dish; pour over some tomato-sauce
highly seasoned; sprinkle with well-buttered bread-crumbs and let bake
until brown. Place on a large platter with a border of boiled rice and
pour over the sauce. Serve hot.


7.--Swiss Beet Salad.

Boil red beets until tender; skin and cut into thin slices. Sprinkle
with salt, whole pepper, whole cloves, 2 bay-leaves and mix with wine
vinegar. Let stand. Serve the next day.


8.--Bombay Chicken Croquettes.

Boil a fat hen well seasoned with salt, pepper, 1 sliced onion, 2
green peppers and 2 cloves of garlic. Remove the chicken and chop fine
and mix with chopped parsley, the grated rind of 1/2 lemon, 1/2
teaspoonful of paprica and a pinch of nutmeg. Add a little chopped
tarragon and chervil and 2 beaten eggs. Mix with the sauce and form
into croquettes. Then dip into beaten eggs and fine bread-crumbs, and
fry in deep hot lard a golden brown. Serve hot. Garnish with fried
parsley and serve tomato-sauce in a separate dish, flavored with
chopped mango chutney.


9.--Swiss Veal Pie.

Cut cooked veal into small pieces; season and moisten with a rich beef
gravy. Pour into a deep pie-dish. Then make a cover with mashed
potatoes moistened with cream; sprinkle with bits of butter and let
bake until brown. Serve hot.


10.--Spanish Rice.

Fry 1 large chopped onion with 2 cups of tomatoes; add 1 cup of stock,
salt and pepper to taste. Cover and let simmer ten minutes; then add 2
cups of boiled rice. Mix well together with 1 tablespoonful of butter.
Let get very hot and serve.


11.--Polish Chicken Soup.

Cook a large fat chicken in 3 quarts of water; add 1 onion, 2 carrots
and 2 stalks of celery cut into small pieces and 1 cup of pearl
barley. Let all cook until tender. Remove the chicken; season the soup
to taste with salt and pepper; add some chopped parsley and serve hot
with the chicken.


12.--Norwegian Soup.

Boil a large fish in 2 quarts of water; season with salt and paprica.
Add 1 sliced onion, 2 leeks cut fine, 2 sprigs of parsley and 1
bay-leaf. Let cook well; then remove the fish. Add 1 tablespoonful of
butter and 1 quart of oysters. Let boil ten minutes. Add 1 cup of hot
cream; season to taste and serve very hot.


13.--Greek Cakes.

Mix 1/2 pound of butter and 1 cup of sugar to a cream; add 4
well-beaten eggs and the grated rind and juice of 1/2 lemon. Then stir
in 1/2 pound of flour and work into a smooth dough. Lay on a
well-floured baking-board and roll out thin. Cut into fancy shapes and
bake in a moderate oven until done. Cover with a white icing, flavored
with vanilla.


14.--Russian Sandwich.

Spread thin slices of rye bread with butter and caviare; some slices
of white bread with butter and thin slices of ham; some slices of
pumpernickel bread with butter and a layer of cottage cheese; and some
slices of brown bread with butter and cold cooked chicken sliced thin.
Put all into a press under a heavy weight for one hour; then cut into
perpendicular slices and serve.


15.--Spanish Dessert.

Dissolve 1/2 box of gelatin. Then cook 1 pint of milk; add 6
tablespoonfuls of sugar and stir in the yolks of 3 eggs. Mix all
together with the gelatin and the whites of eggs beaten to a stiff
froth; add 1 teaspoonful of vanilla. Pour into a mold and place on
ice. Serve with whipped cream.


16.--German Bread Tarte.

Take 1 cup of rye bread-crumbs and mix with the beaten yolks of 4
eggs, 1/2 cup of sugar, some pounded almonds, a pinch of cinnamon,
nutmeg and a piece of chocolate grated. Add 1 teaspoonful of
lemon-juice, 1 tablespoonful of brandy and 1 of wine. Beat the whites
to a stiff froth; add to the mixture. Put in a well-buttered
pudding-dish and bake until brown. Serve with wine sauce.


17.--Russian Stewed Fish.

Cut a white fish into pieces and salt well; let stand. Then cut 1
onion and 1 clove of garlic in thin slices; fry in 1 tablespoonful of
butter. Stir in 1 tablespoonful of flour until brown. Then fill the
pan with water and let boil. Add 1 teaspoonful of celery seed, 1
bay-leaf, a few cloves, a pinch of thyme and mace, 1/2 teaspoonful of
paprica and salt to taste. Let boil. Add the fish to the sauce;
sprinkle with black pepper and ginger and let cook until done. Remove
the fish to a platter. Beat the yolks of 2 eggs with a little water
and stir in the sauce with some chopped parsley. Let get very hot and
pour over the fish. Garnish with lemon slices and sprigs of parsley.


18.--German Liver Dumplings.

Chop 1/2 pound of liver; add 1 chopped onion, some parsley, salt,
pepper and a little nutmeg. Mix with 2 beaten eggs and 1 tablespoonful
of butter. Add enough bread-crumbs to form into small balls and boil
in soup-stock and serve with the soup.


19.--Jewish Sour Fish.

Season a trout and let cook with 1 sliced onion, 1 sliced lemon, 2
tablespoonfuls of vinegar, a few cloves and a pinch of pepper. Add
cinnamon, 1/4 cup of raisins and 1 tablespoonful of butter. When done,
remove to a platter. Add some brown sugar, lemon-juice and chopped
parsley to the sauce; let boil and pour over the fish. Serve cold.
Garnish with parsley.


20.--Compote de Bannanes.

Peel 1 dozen bananas and cut them in halves. Then cook 1/2 cup of
water with 1/2 pound of sugar; let boil ten minutes; then add the
juice of a lemon; let cook. Add the sliced bananas to the hot syrup
and stew slowly until done. Remove the bananas to a dish and pour over
the syrup. Serve very cold for dessert.


21.--English Peach Pie.

Make a rich pie-crust and let bake until done. Peel and chop some
peaches and mix with sugar to taste. Fill the pie with the peaches;
let bake. Whip 1 cup of rich cream with pulverized sugar and flavor
with vanilla. Spread the cream high over the pie; let get cold
and serve.


22.--Bean Polenta (ITALIAN).

Cook 2 cups of white dried beans with salt and pepper until very soft;
press through a colander. Fry 1 onion in 2 tablespoonfuls of butter
until brown; mix with the beans. Add 1 tablespoonful of vinegar, 1
teaspoonful of made mustard, some lemon-juice and 2 tablespoonfuls of
molasses. Let all get very hot and serve with pork roast.


23.--French Almond Pudding.

Take 1/2 pound of almonds and pound in a mortar. Mix with 6 yolks of
eggs and a cup of sugar, 1 tablespoonful of lemon-juice, 1
tablespoonful of brandy, 3 slices of stale cake-crumbs and the whites
of the eggs beaten stiff. Put in a well-buttered pudding-dish and bake
in a slow oven until done.


24.--Italian Cutlets.

Take tender veal cutlets; season highly with pepper and salt. Dip in
beaten egg and fine bread-crumbs and fry in boiling lard until a light
brown. Have ready some boiled macaroni well seasoned. Put on a platter
with the cutlets and pour over all a highly seasoned tomato-sauce.


25.--Jewish Gefuellte Fish.

Take 2 pounds of trout and 2 pounds of red fish; cut in two-inch
slices. Remove the skin from one side of the slices. Chop 2 onions;
add salt, pepper and mix with fine cracker-crumbs and 1 egg to a
paste. Lay the paste on the fish and put back the skin. Boil the fish
with salt, pepper and sliced onion, 1 carrot and 2 sprigs of parsley
cut fine, a pinch of cloves and allspice. Let boil two hours. Add a
tablespoonful of rich cream. Serve cold.


26.--Swedish Stewed Veal.

Season 3 pounds of veal. Lay some sliced bacon in a saucepan; let get
hot; add the veal. Cover and let brown with 2 sliced onions, 2 carrots
and an herb bouquet, 1 bay-leaf and 1 tablespoonful of butter. Add 1
pint of water and let simmer until tender. Add chopped mushrooms and a
small glass of wine. Let all get hot and serve.


27.--French Apple Pie.

Line a deep pie-dish with a rich pie-crust. Chop 4 apples very fine
and mix with sugar, cinnamon, lemon-juice and 1/2 cup of currants.
Then mix with the yolks of 2 eggs well beaten. Fill the pie and bake
until done. Beat the whites with pulverized sugar and spread on the
pie. Let get light brown on top.


28.--Vienna Filled Apples.

Remove the core and scrape out the inside of the apples. Mix the
scraped apple with chopped raisins, nuts, cinnamon, sugar and grated
lemon peel. Fill the apples; place in a stew-pan. Mix 1/2 cup of wine
with 1/2 cup of water. Sweeten with 3 tablespoonfuls of sugar and pour
over the apples. Let cook slowly until the apples are tender. Remove
from the fire; put on a glass dish. Pour over the sauce and
serve cold.


29.--Scotch Stewed Tripe.

Clean and boil tripe until tender; then fry 1 chopped carrot and 1
onion until light brown. Stir in 1 tablespoonful of flour; add 1 cup
of stock, 1 bay-leaf, some thyme and parsley; let boil. Season with
salt, pepper and lemon-juice. Cut the tripe into narrow strips; add to
the sauce. Let simmer one-half hour and serve.


30.--Polish Stewed Calves' Feet.

Boil the calves' feet in salted water until tender; then take out the
bones. Fry 1 chopped onion in butter; stir in 1 tablespoonful of
flour; add 1 cup of stock. Let boil with 1 bay-leaf, some parsley
chopped fine and 1/4 cup of vinegar, salt and pepper to taste. Then
add the feet and let simmer ten minutes. Stir in the yolks of an egg
and serve hot.




_OCTOBER._


1.--Oriental Pudding.

Heat 1 large cup of milk and stir in 3 tablespoonfuls of butter; let
boil up. Then stir in 1 small cup of flour sifted with 1 teaspoonful
of baking-powder and a pinch of salt; stir until a smooth batter. Then
remove from the fire and stir in 4 well-beaten eggs, 1/2 cup of
preserved ginger minced fine and 2 tablespoonfuls of the syrup; mix
thoroughly. Put into a well-buttered mold and let steam two hours.
Serve hot with wine sauce.


2.--Swedish Batter Cakes.

Sift 1 pint of flour. Add a salt-spoonful of salt, 1 teaspoonful of
soda dissolved in a little milk, the yolks of 6 eggs and the whites
beaten to a stiff froth and enough milk to make a thin batter. Then
bake on a hot greased griddle until done. Serve hot.


3.--Chinese Chop Suey.

Cut 2 pounds of fresh pork into thin strips and let fry ten minutes.
Add 1 large onion sliced thin and let fry; then add 1 cup of sliced
mushrooms, 2 stalks of celery cut fine, 1/4 cup of Chinese sauce and a
pinch of pepper; moisten with 1/2 cup of hot water. Cover and let
simmer until tender. Thicken the sauce with flour moistened with a
little milk and let boil. Put some well-seasoned cooked rice on a
platter, pour over the chop suey and serve very hot.


4.--Russian National Soup.

Chop and fry all kinds of vegetables until tender. Make a
highly-seasoned beef broth; add the fried vegetables, 2 boiled beets
chopped fine, some chopped ham, 1/4 teaspoonful of fennel seed, 2
sprigs of parsley chopped. Let boil well; then add 1 cup of hot cream
and serve at once.


5.--English Buns.

Set a sponge over night with 1 cake of compressed yeast dissolved in a
cup of warm water, 3 cups of milk and flour enough to make a thick
batter. Then add 1/2 cup of melted butter, 1 cup of sugar, a
salt-spoonful of salt, 1/2 teaspoonful of soda, 1/2 nutmeg grated and
flour enough to make a stiff dough. Let raise five hours; then roll
out half an inch thick and cut into round cakes. Lay in a
well-buttered baking-pan. Let stand half an hour; then bake until a
light brown. Brush the top with white of egg beaten with
pulverized sugar.


6.--Japanese Fish.

Clean and season a large white fish with salt and paprica and let boil
with 4 sliced shallots and 1 clove of garlic mashed fine. When nearly
done, add 1 tablespoonful of butter, 2 sprigs of parsley chopped fine,
1 tablespoonful of soy, 1 tablespoonful each of tarragon and
Worcestershire sauce. Let cook until done. Place on a platter. Garnish
with fried parsley and serve with boiled rice.


7.--Swiss Creamed Potatoes.

Boil potatoes until tender and slice them thin. Heat two ounces of
butter; add a dessert-spoonful of flour. Then stir in some rich milk
until it thickens; add the potatoes, salt, pepper and chopped parsley.
Let boil up; add a little hot cream and serve at once.


8.--Belgian Chicken.

Cut a cooked chicken into pieces; add some slices of cold veal. Heat 1
cup of stock; add 1/4 teaspoonful of mustard, 1/2 teaspoonful of
paprica, a pinch of white pepper and salt to taste. Add the chicken
and 1 glass of sherry wine. Let all cook ten minutes. Add 3
tablespoonfuls of currant jelly. Serve hot with toasted croutons.


9.--Swiss Biscuits.

Beat the yolks of 2 eggs with 1/4 pound of butter; add a pinch of salt
and pepper, a teaspoonful of mustard and 5 ounces of grated Swiss
cheese. Mix well with 1/4 pound of flour or enough to make a stiff
dough; roll out and cut into round biscuits. Bake in a moderate oven
for twenty minutes, and serve.


10.--French Fritters.

Boil 1 quart of water; add 1 teaspoonful of salt, 2 tablespoonfuls of
butter; then stir in enough sifted flour until thick and smooth. When
cold, stir in 5 beaten eggs, sugar and a little nutmeg to taste. Fry
in deep hot lard to a golden brown. Serve with wine sauce.


11.--German Waffles.

Mix 1/4 pound of butter with 6 tablespoonfuls of sugar. Add the yolks
of 5 eggs, 1/2 cup of milk, 1/2 pound of sifted flour with 2
teaspoonfuls of baking-powder, a pinch of salt and the grated peel of
a lemon. Mix well; add the whites beaten stiff and bake in a well
greased waffle iron. Sprinkle with pulverized sugar and serve hot.


12.--Dutch Rice Fritters.

Take 1 cup of boiled rice and mix with 3 beaten eggs. Then sift 1/2
cup of flour with 1 teaspoonful of baking-powder and a pinch of salt.
Add some sugar to taste. Beat to a light thick batter and fry a
spoonful at a time in boiling lard. Sprinkle with pulverized sugar and
serve hot with cooked fruit.


13.--French Lettuce Salad.

Take the inner lettuce leaves; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Mix the
yolks of 2 hard-boiled eggs with 1 tablespoonful of olive-oil and stir
all together with 2 tablespoonfuls of white wine vinegar. Serve at
once with meats.


14.--Austrian Baked Eggs.

Poach fresh eggs one at a time; then put in a well-buttered
baking-dish; sprinkle with salt, pepper, bits of butter and grated
cheese. Pour over the top 1/2 cup of cream sauce and cover with fine
bread-crumbs. Set in the oven to brown and serve hot with
tomato-sauce.


15.--Swedish Stewed Chicken.

Cut a spring chicken in pieces at the joints; season with salt and
pepper and saute in hot butter. Add 2 cups of cream sauce, 1/2 cup of
boiled rice, some chopped parsley and bits of butter. Let stew slowly
until the chicken is very tender. Serve hot.


16.--Polish Filled Fish.

Clean the fish; cut open along the backbone. Remove all the fish from
the skin and bone from head to tail and chop fine. Fry 1 onion in
butter; add some soaked bread. Take from the fire and mix with the
chopped fish. Add 2 eggs and chopped parsley; season highly with salt
and pepper, a pinch of cloves and nutmeg. Fill the skin of the fish
with the mixture and boil with sliced onions, a few lemon slices, some
parsley and a tablespoonful of butter, salt and pepper, until done.
Serve hot or cold.


17.--Eels a la Poulette.

Clean and skin the eels; let boil with salt, pepper and vinegar. Then
cut into three-inch pieces. Heat 2 tablespoonfuls of butter; add 1
onion chopped; stir in 1 tablespoonful of flour until brown; add 1 cup
of water, salt, pepper, 1 bay-leaf, some parsley and thyme. Let boil
well; add the eels and 1 glass of wine. Boil ten minutes longer;
thicken the sauce with the yolks of 2 eggs well beaten and seasoned
with lemon-juice. Serve with fried croutons.


18.--Italian Baked Fish.

Clean and season a blue fish with salt, pepper and cloves. Lay the
fish in a baking-pan with 1 onion chopped fine and 2 tablespoonfuls of
chopped carrot and parsley. Pour over 1 glass of wine; sprinkle with
flour. Put flakes of butter over the fish and let bake until brown.
Serve with macaroni.


19.--Dutch Stuffed Goose.

Clean and season a goose and stuff with oysters well seasoned with
salt, pepper, parsley, thyme and bits of butter rolled in fine
bread-crumbs. Put in a baking-dish. Pour over the oyster liquor and a
little hot water; let bake until done. Baste as often as necessary.
Serve with red currant jelly.


20.--Swiss Roast Turkey.

Clean and season the turkey with salt and pepper. Then fill with 2
cups of bread-crumbs mixed with a lump of butter, some chopped onion
and thyme, salt and pepper to taste, 1/2 cup of seeded raisins and 1/2
cup of nuts. Mix all well with 2 beaten eggs. Put turkey in
dripping-pan and let bake a rich brown. Baste often with the dripping
until tender. Serve with dressing.


21.--French Turkey Soup.

Cut off all the meat from left-over turkey bones. Put the bones in
cold water and boil with 1 small onion, 1 carrot, 2 pieces of celery
and 2 sprigs of parsley, all cut fine. Add 1 cup of tomato-sauce. Let
all cook well, seasoned with salt and pepper. Remove the bones; add
boiled rice and the turkey meat cut into dice pieces. Let boil and
serve hot with fried croutons.


22.--Swedish Baked Fish.

Clean and season a trout with salt, black pepper and cayenne. Lay in a
baking-pan; dredge with flour; sprinkle with parsley and bits of
butter; add a little water and vinegar. Let bake in a hot oven. Baste
often with butter until done. Garnish with parsley and serve hot with
cream sauce.


23.--Jewish Stewed Sweetbreads.

Clean and parboil the sweetbreads; then fry 1 small sliced onion in
hot fat until light brown. Stir in 1 tablespoonful of flour; add 1/2
cup of water and 1/2 cup of wine vinegar; let boil up. Add 1 bay-leaf,
a few cloves, 1/4 cup of seeded raisins, a few thin slices of lemon
and chopped parsley. Season with salt and paprica to taste; add 1
tablespoonful of brown sugar. Let boil; add the sweetbreads and simmer
until done. Serve cold.


24.--German Stuffed Turkey.

Singe and clean a fat turkey. Season well with salt and pepper. Chop
the giblets; add some chopped veal and pork, 1 onion, 2 cloves of
garlic and parsley chopped, salt and pepper. Mix with 2 eggs and stuff
the turkey. Put in the dripping-pan with some hot water. Dredge with
flour; let bake until done. Baste often with the sauce. Serve the
turkey with the dressing. Garnish with boiled beets sliced thin.


25.--Neapolitan Salad.

Cut cold chicken or turkey in small dice pieces; add some cold
potatoes, beets and celery, cut fine; sprinkle with chopped
hard-boiled eggs, salt and pepper. Line the salad bowl with lettuce
leaves; add the salad. Cover with a French mayonnaise dressing.
Garnish with capers and beets.


26.--Bavarian Stuffed Chicken.

Clean and season a fat hen. Chop the giblets; add some truffles, a
chopped onion, parsley, bread-crumbs, a beaten egg, salt, black pepper
and paprica to taste. Then fill the chicken; heat some dripping in a
large saucepan; lay in the chicken, cover, and cook slowly with 1 cup
of hot water until tender.


27.--Hungarian Baked Herring.

Bone the herring and cut into small pieces. Slice some cooked
potatoes; then butter a baking-dish; sprinkle with flour. Put a layer
of potatoes, some chopped onion and herring and bits of butter until
dish is full; sprinkle with pepper. Make the top layer of potatoes and
bits of butter. Moisten with 3 tablespoonfuls of sour cream. Bake in a
moderate oven until brown. Serve hot.


28.--French Stewed Quail.

Stuff the quail. Put 1 tablespoonful of butter in a large stew-pan;
add some thin slices of bacon. Let get very hot. Lay in the birds;
sprinkle with salt and pepper; add 1 small onion and 1 carrot chopped
fine. Cover and let brown a few minutes, then add 1 cup of hot water.
Let stew slowly until tender. Thicken the sauce with flour mixed with
milk; add some chopped parsley; let boil up and serve hot.


29.--India Beef Curry.

Cut 2 pounds of beefsteak into inch pieces. Sprinkle with salt, pepper
and flour and fry until brown. Add 1 onion chopped fine and 1
tablespoonful of vinegar. Cover and let simmer with 1 tablespoonful of
curry-powder and 1/2 cup of hot water until meat is tender. Thicken
the sauce with flour and butter. Serve on a platter with a border of
cooked rice sprinkled with chopped parsley and garnished with fried
apple slices.


30.--Bread Pudding a la Caramel.

Mix 1 pint of soft bread-crumbs with 1/2 cup of seeded raisins, 2
tablespoonfuls of sugar and 2 eggs. Stir in 1 cup of milk and bake in
a well-buttered pudding-dish until brown. Then boil 1-1/2 cups of
brown sugar with 1/2 cup of milk and 4 tablespoonfuls of chocolate.
Stir until smooth and spread hot over the pudding.


31.--Irish Flummery.

Take 1 pint of oatmeal; pour on enough cold water to cover; let stand
over night; strain and boil with a pinch of salt until thickened. Then
add 1 cup of cooked small fruit, a lump of butter and sugar to taste.
Let get cold and serve with cream.




_NOVEMBER._


1.--Swiss Fried Sweetbreads.

Blanch the sweetbreads and sprinkle with salt and pepper; then cut
into thin slices. Dip in beaten egg and roll in grated Swiss cheese
and fine bread-crumbs and fry in a little hot butter to a golden
brown. Serve hot, garnished with parsley.


2.--Japanese Chicken.

Cut 2 spring chickens into pieces at the joints; season with salt,
ginger, pepper and curry-powder and let fry in hot olive-oil until
brown. Remove the chicken; add 1/4 cup of chopped leeks, 1/2 pint of
Japanese sauce, 1/2 cup of chrysanthemum flowers, 2 chopped red
peppers, some bamboo sprouts shaved thin and 1/2 cup of water. Cover
and let cook ten minutes. Add the chicken to the sauce with 1 cup of
cocoanut juice. Let all simmer until the chicken is tender. Serve on a
platter with a border of cooked rice and garnish with fried parsley.


3.--Hindu Venison.

Cook some venison, well seasoned, until tender and slice thin. Peel
and slice 2 apples and 1 Spanish onion; season and fry until a light
brown. Add 1 cooked carrot sliced thin, some savory herbs, and 1 cup
of mutton broth; cover and let cook fifteen minutes. Then mix 1/2
ounce of butter with 1/2 tablespoonful of curry-powder and 1
tablespoonful of lemon-juice; add to the sauce with the sliced
venison; cover and let simmer ten minutes; then add 1 tablespoonful of
currant jelly. Let get very hot and serve, garnished with fried
croutons and sliced lemon.


4.--Spanish Tongue.

Boil a beef tongue until tender; take off the outer skin. Then rub
with butter and the beaten yolk of an egg; put in a baking-dish. Add
1/2 cup of the water in which the tongue was cooked, 1/2 glass of wine
and 1/2 can of mushrooms. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and let bake
until brown. Serve garnished with the mushrooms.


5.--English Pigeon Pie.

Clean and season some young pigeons. Stuff each with chopped oysters
and bits of butter and let stew until tender with 1 onion, 2 sprigs of
parsley and 1 bay-leaf. Then line a deep pie-dish with a rich paste;
let bake and fill with the stuffed pigeons. Add the sauce; cover with
the paste and let bake until brown. Serve hot.


6.--Hungarian Stuffed Goose Neck.

Remove the skin from the neck of a fat goose and stuff with some
soaked bread, fried with 1 small chopped onion in a tablespoonful of
goose-dripping. Add chopped parsley, salt, paprica and ginger and mix
with 1 egg. Lay in a baking-pan with a little hot water and bake until
brown. Serve hot with red cabbage cooked with wine.


7.--Swedish Cabbage.

Shred a cabbage very thin; sprinkle with salt and cook in as little
water as possible until tender. Then add some milk and let boil. Add a
tablespoonful of butter mixed with flour, some mace and white pepper
to taste. Let boil up and serve hot.


8.--Spanish Fried Fish.

Season and slice red fish; roll in flour and fry until brown. Then
heat 1 tablespoonful of butter; add 1 chopped onion and 1 cup of
tomatoes; let fry; add 1 tablespoonful of flour and 1 cup of water;
also some parsley, salt, pepper and 1 bay-leaf chopped fine. Let all
cook; then add the slices of fried fish. Let all get very hot and
serve with boiled rice.


9.--German Spiced Rabbit.

Clean and cut the rabbit into pieces; sprinkle with salt, ginger,
black pepper and paprica and pour over some vinegar. Heat 1
tablespoonful of dripping; add the slices of rabbit and 1 sliced
onion, 2 bay-leaves, a few peppercorns, 2 sprigs of parsley, thyme and
a little mace. Cover with hot water and let stew slowly until tender.
Thicken the sauce with butter mixed with flour. Let cook and serve hot
with apple compote.


10.--English Layer Cake.

Bake 3 layers of sponge-cake; then mix some jelly with wine and spread
between the layers and over the top and sides. Cover with a rich
chocolate icing, flavored with vanilla.


11.--Dutch Rice Pudding.

Mix 1 cup of rice in 2 cups of milk; add 1 tablespoonful of butter,
the yolks of 4 eggs, the juice of 1/2 lemon, 1 cup of sugar and nutmeg
to taste, 1/2 cup of chopped raisins, 1/2 cup of nuts and the whites
of the eggs beaten to a stiff froth. Bake in a well-buttered
pudding-dish until done. Serve cold.


12.--Polish Poached Eggs.

Boil 1/2 cup of vinegar with one cup of water and break in fresh eggs
one at a time and poach them. Remove to a platter; sprinkle with salt
and pepper. Then add 1 tablespoonful of butter and 1 tablespoonful of
sugar to the sauce; let boil up and pour over the eggs. Serve on
buttered toast.


13.--Belgian Sweet Potato Puree.

Boil 4 sweet potatoes until soft. Mash until smooth with 1
tablespoonful of butter, 2 beaten eggs, 1 tablespoonful of brown
sugar, 1/4 teaspoonful of cinnamon and 1/4 cup of milk. Beat well. Put
in a buttered pudding-dish; pour over some melted butter; let bake
until brown. Serve hot with broiled steak.


14.--Spanish Codfish.

Parboil 1 cup of shredded codfish; heat 2 tablespoonfuls of butter;
add 1 chopped onion and 2 cups of tomatoes; let fry. Add 1
tablespoonful of flour; stir until thickened. Then add 1 cup of water,
pepper and chopped parsley; let boil well; add the codfish. Let simmer
one-half hour. Serve on buttered toast.


15.--Halibut a la Toulonaise.

Slice the fish; season highly with salt, pepper, cloves, lemon-juice
and parsley. Then roll in flour and fry in hot olive-oil until brown.
Garnish with lemon slices and parsley. Serve with a lettuce salad with
French dressing.


16.--Jewish Stewed Goose.

Clean and cut a fat goose into pieces; season with salt, pepper and
ginger. Put in a stew-pan with 1 sliced onion, 2 cloves of garlic, 1
bay-leaf, thyme and a few peppercorns; add the juice of a lemon. Cover
with hot water and let cook until tender. Thicken with flour and serve
hot with apple-sauce.


17.--Polish Rice Pudding.

Heat 1 quart of milk; add 1 cup of boiled rice, 3 ounces of seeded
raisins and 2 ounces of currants. Let cook ten minutes. Then add the
grated peel of a lemon, 1/4 of a grated nutmeg and the yolks of 6 eggs
well beaten with 1 cup of sugar. Mix thoroughly and pour into a
well-buttered pudding-dish; let bake until done. Then beat the whites
to a stiff froth with 3 tablespoonfuls of pulverized sugar; flavor
with vanilla. Spread on the pudding and let brown slightly in a hot
oven. Serve with lemon sauce.


18.--Vienna Dumplings.

Mix 2 eggs and 1/2 cup of water, a pinch of salt and enough flour to
make a stiff batter. Then drop by the tablespoonful into boiling
salted water until they rise to the surface. Remove to a platter and
fry some onions in hot butter. Sprinkle with salt and pepper and pour
over the dumplings.


19.--Bavarian Sauerkraut.

Cook 2 pounds of fresh pork; season with salt and pepper; add 2
bay-leaves and a few cloves. When half done, add 1 quart of sauerkraut
and let cook one hour. Add 1 cup of wine and 1 tablespoonful of brown
sugar. Let all cook until tender. Serve with potato dumplings.


20.--Chicken Croquettes a la Reine.

Chop cold cooked chicken with some mushrooms, parsley and thyme and
season with salt, black pepper and cayenne. Add a tablespoonful of
butter and 2 well-beaten eggs. Then form into croquettes. Dip in
beaten egg and fine bread-crumbs and fry in deep hot lard to a golden
brown. Make a cream sauce and serve with the croquettes. Garnish
with parsley.


21.--Jewish Goose Greeben.

Cut all the fat from the goose into small pieces and cook in a skillet
with 1 cup of cold water. Let cook uncovered until the water has
evaporated; then fry until brown. Sprinkle with salt and serve hot.


22.--French Venison Pie.

Cut venison in very small pieces and stew, highly seasoned, until
tender. Line a deep pie-dish with a rich pie-paste and bake. Then fill
with the venison. Add a glass of port wine, a pinch of cloves and mace
to the sauce and bits of butter rolled in flour. Pour the sauce over
the venison and cover with the paste. Rub the top with a beaten egg
and let bake until done.


23.--Belgian Broiled Quail.

Select fat quails. Rub with salt, pepper and butter and tie a very
thin strip of bacon around the body of each quail. Place on a broiler
over a slow fire; let broil twenty minutes until done. Remove the
bacon. Have ready buttered toast. Place the birds on the toast, pour
over some melted butter, chopped parsley and lemon-juice. Serve hot.


24.--Vienna Roast Beef.

Season a rib-roast of beef with salt, pepper and ginger and rub with
vinegar. Put in the dripping-pan with 1 sliced onion, 2 cloves of
garlic, 2 carrots, 2 stalks of celery cut fine, 1 bay-leaf and a few
cloves and peppercorns. Pour over 1 cup of stock and dredge with
flour. Let bake in a quick oven; allow fifteen minutes to the pound.
Serve with potato dumplings.


25.--Oysters a la Toulonaise.

Drain large oysters; sprinkle with salt and pepper. Try out a few
slices of bacon in a frying-pan; remove the bacon. Roll the oysters in
fine bread-crumbs and saute until brown on both sides. Place on hot
buttered toast; sprinkle with lemon-juice and garnish with olives.


26.--Chicken a la Bechamel.

Clean and season a fat hen. Put a few slices of chopped bacon in a
saucepan; let get hot. Add the chicken with 1 carrot, 1 onion, 2
stalks of celery chopped fine, 1 herb bouquet, 1 bay leaf, a few
cloves and allspice and 2 blades of mace, 2 sprigs of parsley and 1
cup of hot water. Let all stew until tender; then add some chopped
mushrooms and pour over all 1 cup of hot rich cream.


27.--Milanese Vegetable Soup.

Cut bacon and ham into small pieces; put in a saucepan with 1
tablespoonful of hot butter. Add all kinds of vegetables, cut into
very small pieces and let fry a few minutes. Then fill the pan with 1
quart of beef stock; let all cook slowly for half an hour; add some
boiled rice and 1 cup of tomato-sauce and cook until done. Serve hot.


28.--Swedish Salad.

Cut cold cooked fish into small pieces and mix with chopped
hard-boiled eggs, a few sliced olives, capers and gherkins. Sprinkle
with salt and pepper. Line the salad bowl with crisp lettuce leaves;
add the salad and cover with a mayonnaise dressing. Garnish with
aspic, cut into dice pieces and serve cold.


29.--Oriental Rabbit Pie.

Clean and cut a rabbit into small pieces and let stew, well seasoned
with salt and pepper and cayenne. Add 2 chopped cloves of garlic, 1
chopped green pepper, 1 Spanish onion sliced thin and 2 sliced
tomatoes, a pinch of cloves and allspice. Then line a pie-dish with a
puff paste; let bake and fill with the rabbit; add 2 chopped
hard-boiled eggs and sprinkle with curry-powder. Cover with the paste;
brush the top with a beaten egg and let bake until brown. Serve hot.


30.--Spanish Baked Fish.

Season a pike; put in a baking-pan. Pour over two ounces of melted
butter and 1 pint of sour cream; then let bake in a hot oven for
twenty minutes. Sprinkle with bread-crumbs and grated cheese and let
brown on top. Serve hot. Garnish with parsley.




_DECEMBER._


1.--English Plum Pudding.

Soak 1 pound of stale bread in hot milk; then add 1/2 pound of sugar,
1 pound of seeded raisins, and 1 pound of currants all dredged with
flour, 1/4 pound of chopped citron, 1 pound of finely chopped beef
suet, 1 nutmeg grated, 1 tablespoonful of cinnamon, cloves and mace
mixed together, a pinch of salt, 1 glass of wine and 1 glass of fine
brandy. Mix with the yolks of 8 eggs and the whites beaten to a stiff
froth. Pour the mixture into a wet cloth dredged with flour; tie well
and let boil five hours. Serve with wine sauce.


2.--Swedish Rice Pudding.

Mix 3/4 cup of rice in 1 quart of milk; add 1 cup of sugar, a pinch of
salt and 1 teaspoonful of vanilla. Pour into a pudding-dish. Put bits
of butter over the top and let bake in a moderate oven until done.
Serve cold.


3.--Portugal Soup.

Boil 2 pounds of beef and 2 pig's feet in 4 quarts of water; season
with salt and pepper. Let boil well. Add 1 head of lettuce, 1/2 head
of cabbage, a few thin slices of pumpkin, 2 carrots and 1 clove of
garlic, all cut fine, and 1 herb bouquet. Let all cook until tender;
then add 1/2 can of peas. Remove the meat; cut into thin slices;
season, and serve with the soup.


4.--Chinese Salad.

Mix 2 dozen cooked oysters with 3 truffles, and 2 cooked potatoes cut
into shreds; season with salt and pepper. Add all kinds of chopped
herbs, and moisten with white wine. Line the salad bowl with crisp
lettuce leaves; fill with the mixture; sprinkle with finely chopped
parsley. Pour over a mayonnaise dressing and garnish with
anchovy fillets.


5.--Egyptian Salad.

Mix highly seasoned cold cooked rice with some grated onion, chopped
parsley and chives; add 2 dozen fine cut French sardines. Put on crisp
lettuce leaves in a salad bowl and cover with a mayonnaise dressing
Garnish with thin shreds of red beets, and serve.


6.--English Dumplings.

Beat 3 yolks of eggs with 1 tablespoonful of sugar; add 1/2 cup of
finely chopped suet, 1/2 cup of currants, 1/2 teaspoonful of salt and
a little nutmeg. Sift 1 cup of flour with 1 heaping teaspoonful of
baking-powder; mix well with the beaten whites of the eggs. Make into
dumplings the size of an egg; let steam. Serve hot with lemon sauce.


7.--Irish Pancakes.

Mix 1/2 pound of sifted flour with 2 beaten eggs, a pinch of salt, a
pint of milk and 1/2 ounce of melted butter. Mix well to a smooth
pancake batter and fry in hot lard to a delicate brown. Sprinkle with
powdered sugar and serve hot.


8.--English Cream Pudding.

Line a well-buttered pudding-dish with a rich puff-paste and bake.
Then beat 1 cup of butter with 1/2 pound of pulverized sugar. Add the
grated rind and juice of a lemon and beat well with the yolks of 6
eggs; add the whites beaten to a froth. Fill the pudding-dish with the
mixture and bake until done.


9.--Bavarian Roast Turkey.

Clean and season a fat turkey. Stuff with 3 raw potatoes, 2 apples and
1 onion grated. Mix with a lump of butter and 1 cup of bread-crumbs;
add 1 egg. Season with sage, thyme, salt and pepper; then put in a
dripping-pan. Pour in 1 cup of water and dredge with flour. Let bake
in a hot oven until done.


10.--Jewish Stewed Cabbage.

Shred a red cabbage very fine. Heat 2 tablespoonfuls of drippings in a
pan; add the cabbage; cover and let stew with 2 apples, and 1 onion
chopped fine. Then brown 1 tablespoonful of flour in hot butter; add
1/2 cup of water mixed with vinegar. Season with salt, pepper and
sugar to taste. Pour the sauce over the cabbage; let simmer ten
minutes. Add 1/2 cup of red wine; let boil up and serve hot.


11.--Venison a la Francaise.

Season venison steaks with salt, pepper and lemon-juice. Put in a
saucepan with 2 tablespoonfuls of hot butter. Add 1 onion, 2
bay-leaves, 1 clove of garlic and a sprig of parsley minced fine. Let
brown; then add 1/2 can of mushrooms, some thyme chopped fine and a
glass of claret. Cover and let simmer until tender. Serve with toasted
croutons and currant jelly.


12.--Italian Macaroni.


Boil macaroni in salted water until tender. Drain. Then heat 2
tablespoonfuls of butter in a saucepan; add the macaroni, 1/2 cup of
chopped boiled tongue, 1/2 cup of chopped mushrooms, 1/2 cup of grated
cheese. Cover, let get very hot. Then mix a highly seasoned
tomato-sauce with a small glass of wine; let boil up and pour over the
macaroni. Serve hot with roast veal.


13.--Russian Stuffed Tongue.

Take fresh beef-tongue; make an incision with a sharp knife and fill
with chopped onions, bread-crumbs, a lump of butter, sage, thyme, salt
and pepper. Sew up and let boil until nearly done. Remove the skin.
Then stick cloves all over the tongue, and let cook until tender. Add
2 tablespoonfuls of vinegar and 1 tablespoonful of butter. Serve,
garnished with sliced beets, olives and sprigs of parsley.


14.--Hungarian Dumplings.

Mix 2 eggs with 1 tablespoonful of water, a pinch of salt and enough
sifted flour to make a stiff dough. Roll out on a well-floured
baking-board as thin as possible. Cut into three-inch squares and fill
with the following mixture: 1 cup of cottage cheese; mix with 1
tablespoonful of butter, 2 beaten eggs, sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg to
taste. Fill the dumplings, press the edges well together. Boil some
milk, seasoned with a pinch of salt and sugar to taste. Lay in the
dumplings and boil until done. Serve with the sauce.


15.--German Stewed Fish.

Clean the fish. Cut into large slices; salt well and sprinkle with
black pepper and let stew with sliced onion, some celery and parsley.
Add a few slices of lemon; let cook fifteen minutes to the pound; then
mix 1 tablespoonful of flour with 2 tablespoonfuls of butter; add to
the fish. Let cook five minutes more and serve hot or cold.


16.--French Stuffed Partridge.

Clean, singe and draw young partridges. Season and stuff each bird
with chopped oysters well seasoned, and sprinkle with parsley. Put a
small piece of butter in each bird; place the birds in a baking-pan;
cover with thin slices of bacon; add a little hot water and bake in a
hot oven until done. Serve with toast.


17.--Russian Pickled Herring.

Soak 1 dozen herring over night in water; then mash the milch and roes
and mix with 4 tablespoonfuls of brown sugar. Put the herring in a
large dish with 2 large onions sliced; make alternate layers of
herring, onions and sliced lemon, 8 bay-leaves, a few cloves, whole
peppers and some mustard seed. Pour over all some vinegar. Ready to
serve in five hours. Will keep for one week. Serve with
boiled potatoes.


18.--Hungarian Duck.

Season and roast the duck; then cut into pieces for serving. Chop the
giblets; add to the gravy in which the duck was roasted, with 1 glass
of red wine, 1/4 teaspoonful of paprica, a pinch of cloves and the
juice of a lemon. Let boil; add the sliced duck and let simmer until
tender. Serve hot; garnish with fried croutons.


19.--Venison a la Parisienne.

Cut venison into pieces. Heat 2 tablespoonfuls of butter; add 1 onion,
1 bay-leaf, 2 sprigs of parsley, and 2 of thyme, all chopped fine. Add
the venison, salt and pepper. Let all fry a few minutes; then add 1
cup of consomme and let simmer until tender. Add 1/2 glass of sherry
and 1/2 can of chopped mushrooms. Let all get very hot and serve with
toasted croutons.


20.--Jewish Boiled Fish.

Clean and season a large fish with salt and pepper and let cook with 1
cup of vinegar, 1 large onion, 2 sprigs of parsley and 2 of thyme, 1
tablespoonful of butter, 1/2 cup of raisins, a few cloves, 1 lemon
sliced and 1 teaspoonful of prepared mustard. Let cook until done.
Remove the fish; add 2 large pickles chopped and 1/4 cup of sugar, and
thicken with the yolks of 2 eggs well beaten. Serve hot or cold,
garnished with parsley.


21.--English Stuffed Duck.

Clean and season the duck; then chop the giblets. Add 1 onion, some
celery and parsley. Mix with 1 cup of bread-crumbs and a beaten egg.
Season this highly and fill the duck. Put in the dripping-pan with
some hot water, 1/2 glass of sherry and a lump of butter. Sprinkle
with flour; bake until done. Serve with apple-sauce.


22.--French Stewed Rabbits.

Skin and clean the rabbits; cut into pieces at the joints; season
well. Heat 2 tablespoonfuls of drippings in a stew-pan; add the
rabbits, 1 onion and 2 cloves of garlic sliced fine, 1 bay-leaf, 2
sprigs of parsley and thyme. Let all brown a few minutes; then add 1
cup of hot water and cook slowly until tender. Thicken the sauce with
flour and butter; add a glass of claret; boil up and serve.


23.--Italian Salad.

Cut 1 pound of cooked veal in very small pieces; add 1 herring that
has been soaked in milk, 3 cooked potatoes, 2 pickles, 3 boiled beets,
3 apples, 2 stalks of celery, 1 cooked carrot. Pour over a mayonnaise
dressing and garnish with sliced hard-boiled eggs, olives and capers.


24.--Hungarian Stewed Pigeons.

Season the pigeons and stuff with chopped chicken. Let stew slowly
with chopped onions, chives, celery and parsley; add salt and paprica
to taste. Cook until tender. Serve hot with beet salad.


25.--Vienna Baked Goose Breast.

Take the breast of the goose and cut the meat from the bone; chop fine
with some onion, 1 clove of garlic, parsley and a little thyme, salt,
black pepper and paprica. Mix with 2 eggs and fine bread-crumbs. Put
the chopped breast mixture back on the bone. Place in a baking-dish;
pour over some dripping; sprinkle with flour and bake until brown.
Serve with sour apple compote.


26.--Italian Veal and Macaroni.

Season tender veal cutlets with salt and red pepper and saute in hot
olive-oil; then cover and simmer until tender. Boil macaroni until
tender; drain. Add the macaroni to the veal with 1 cup of stock, and 3
tablespoonfuls of chopped cheese. Let all simmer ten minutes. Put on a
platter and cover with bread-crumbs fried in butter. Serve hot.


27.--French Squirrel Fricassee.

Cut the squirrels into pieces at the joints; sprinkle well with salt;
let lay one hour; then sprinkle with pepper and lemon-juice. Put 2
large tablespoonfuls of dripping in a pan; when hot, lay in a squirrel
with 1 sliced onion; cover and let brown. Then add 1 cup of
tomato-sauce, some celery seed and chopped parsley and 1 cup of hot
water. Let simmer until tender. Add 1/2 glass of sherry wine. Let get
very hot and serve with French peas.


28.--Irish Mutton Stew.

Season mutton chops with salt and pepper; put a tablespoonful of hot
drippings in a saucepan; add the chops, some sliced turnips, potatoes
and onions, salt and pepper. Then cover with water and cook slowly
until tender. Thicken the sauce with a little flour mixed with 1/2 cup
of milk. Season to taste and serve very hot.


29.--German Bread Pudding.

Crumb a stale loaf of bread to make 2 cupfuls and soak in 1 quart of
milk. Beat the yolks of 4 eggs with 1 cup of powdered sugar; add the
bread, a small cup of raisins and the grated peel of a lemon. Mix all
well. Put in a well-buttered pudding-dish and bake until brown. Beat
the whites with a pinch of salt, sugar and a little lemon-juice spread
on the top. Let get light brown in the oven. Serve with wine sauce.


30.--Hungarian Spice Cakes.

Sift 1 pound of flour; beat the yolks of 4 eggs with 1 pound of sugar;
add 1/2 ounce cinnamon, 1/2 ounce of ginger, 1/4 teaspoonful of
cloves, some grated lemon peel and a pinch of salt. Make all into a
dough and roll into small cakes about an inch in diameter. Put on
well-buttered baking-plates, sprinkled with flour, and bake in a
moderate oven until a rich brown. Serve with wine.


31.--French Braised Sweetbread.

Parboil the sweetbreads; drain. Put in the baking-pan with a piece of
salt pork, 1 onion, 1 carrot, 1 bay-leaf and a sprig of thyme, all cut
fine. Sprinkle with pepper, dredge with flour; add 1/2 cup of stock.
Let cook in the oven until done. Serve with mushrooms.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of 365 Foreign Dishes, by Unknown

